SILMARIL *NEW MODEL*

The latest creation from the minds of Eric and Nat, the Silmaril is the fruit of their hardworking collaboration with Shaydo. Unrestrained performance in high quality waves was the goal, and after many months of hard work, we are proud to present this fine-edged gem.


It is powered by a deep single concave and a progressive rocker. These two features in concert give you a lightning fast responsiveness that does not give out when you are redlining (a common critique of single concaves). It excels in the pocket and does not shy away from the critical sections of the wave. Let it suit your style, whether you just want to flow with speed, or tear a wave to pieces. This board will follow your lead.

Wave: Your average reef break or waves with a little shape.
Optimum Wave range: head high 2x overhead

BOTTOM CONTOURS: Deep single
FIN RECOMMENDATIONS: Thruster
TAIL OPTIONS: Round



AMPLIFIRE

The Amplifire is an all-around performance shortboard for any surfer looking for unhindered speed and maneuverability in the head-high to overhead range.

This is our faithful high-performance shortboard fine-tuned by EA over the years for surfers all over the world. It may be one of the old vets of the model line up, but this blade has not lost its razor-sharp edge. It has lower nose rocker than its predecessor, the K4, and accentuated tail lift through the fins, creating drive and exceptional carving performance characteristics. The amplified concave through the mid-section of the board increases forward lift for more front foot acceleration. The position and shape of the concave create more grip and drive through the bottom turn which enable this model to be adapt well as a step up with a rounded pin.

BOTTOM CONTOURS: Deep single to double concave, flat off the tail
FIN RECOMMENDATIONS: Thruster
TAIL OPTIONS: Squash, Thumb, Swallow, Moon, or RP



JACKPOT

I designed this board specifically for Jack Robinson and his style of surfing on the tour. We have been working on a hi-performance shortboard with more tail rocker than any of our other designs for lightning quick response in the pocket. The challenge has always been to achieve this without sacrificing speed and glide through the turns. This is what often nudges people to opt for low rocker boards in small waves. The Jackpot is the exception. We have been able to design a sneaky rocker that has the frictionless feel of a typical small wave board —but also the razor-sharp attack you would only expect from a hi-performance shape. This is the board for beach breaks, small reef breaks, or any time you want to mercilessly tear a wave to pieces.

BOTTOM CONTOURS: Deep single to double concave, flat off the tail
FIN RECOMMENDATIONS: Thruster
TAIL OPTIONS: Squash, Thumb, Swallow, Moon, or RP



PROPHET

This model is the offspring of the Amplifire that we have been working on with our team riders. While the Amplifire has proven itself to be a solid performer in good wave conditions, I wanted to give the Prophet a little more turning sensitivity, with sustained glide, and flow in average small wave conditions. The most prominent design features are more width just above center, lifted entry rocker, accentuated hip, and a dominant single concave with a very slight double concave to enhance control out of turns.

BOTTOM CONTOUR: Single to double concave
FIN RECOMMENDATIONS: Thruster
TAIL OPTIONS: Squash, Round pin, Swallow, Thumb



HP TWIN

This is the old school high-performance twin fin adapted for modern surfing. None of the sliding and swivel of the twins of the 80s, the HP Twin is fast like its predecessor, but turns with more control and drive. If you want to skate around in small waves, go a little wider and thicker—but if you want an exotic high-speed blade for fast barrels and Mach 10 cutbacks, keep it closer to your normal dimensions. The bottom starts with a mild concave through the mid-section, and finishes with vee out the tail. A wider nose and lower rocker enables this board to paddle much better than the average shortboard.

BOTTOM CONTOUR: Single to double concave, vee off the tail
FIN RECOMMENDATIONS: Twin fin (Futures T1, FCSII MR Twin)
TAIL OPTIONS: Single-Wing Swallow



RP

Living, surfing, and shaping on the North shore of Oahu, EA has spent over 40 years tuning his boards under the feet of the world’s best talent on and off the Tour. This particular design is all of EA’s collected knowledge and experience boiled down into the pure and refined Hawaiian step up. No frills, no fat—it doesn’t even have a name. It is just the RP, shorthand for “the rounded pin”. No other board better embodies the phrase “Proven Boards from the Proving Grounds” than this model.

Our team riders choose the RP for their North Shore winter quiver or similar waves around the world. Whether you are a seasoned pro or a new convert, this is the board you want for the dream waves of consequence.

BOTTOM CONTOUR: Slight single to double concave
FIN RECOMMENDATIONS: Primarily Thruster but also works well as a quad.
TAIL OPTIONS: Round pin



MR-200

A mid-range step up design. Essentially, the MR-200 is just our popular RP with a tail shape other than a rounded pin.

Featuring the latest in bottom and outline curves, ridden by our team on the North Shore, they are very maneuverable and accelerate thru turns.

BOTTOM CONTOUR: Slight single to double concave
FIN RECOMMENDATIONS: Works well in thruster or quad fin configurations.
TAIL OPTIONS: Squash, Moon, Swallow



STUN GUN

The Stun Gun is a high-performance paddle machine. This board is a step up or gun with extra volume packed in without the unnecessary fat commonly seen in these types of Paddlers. The extra volume is disguised within its refined curves. The rails and tail are specifically foiled for hold and speed off the bottom. I gave it a lower entry rocker to glide into waves easily and allow for more volume forward of center to create more stability. An aggressive tail rocker to enables the rider to carve tighter arcs on the wave face. The Stun Gun can be sized 4-6” shorter than a normal step-up or gun, or go full sized to get maximum wave count.

BOTTOM CONTOUR: Slight single concave to vee
FIN RECOMMENDATIONS: Thruster or Quad
TAIL OPTIONS: Round Pin, Baby Swallow



PEACE KEEPER

These are the guns made for giants. Designed to glide in and maneuver out of trouble. They are dependable and proven performers in the most extreme conditions on the planet. Do not own one unless you plan to use it.

BOTTOM CONTOUR: Vee
FIN RECOMMENDATIONS: Works well in thruster or quad fin configurations.
TAIL OPTIONS: Round pin, Baby swallow



PERFORMER LB

This long board design features the most tail rocker of all the others in this class. The bottom contour creates exceptional responsiveness. The focus of this design is not so much on nose riding as it is turning. The Performer is a carver that responds when you step on its tail and push over the fins. When you get your feet in the sweet spot, you’ll feel it take off.

BOTTOM CONTOUR: Flat to vee
FIN RECOMMENDATIONS: Thruster, 2+1, or single
TAIL OPTIONS: Squash, Round Pin, Square, Moon



DOUBLE-SMOKED

This board is your reliable all-season shortboard tailored to the softer days, but surprisingly capable in overhead and hollow surf. Just like our factory crews’ favorite breakfast sandwich—it’s flavor has been enhanced not just once, but twice as the third generation design of our Bandit model. The result is the same quick, user-friendly versatility you’ve known before with a little extra umami. In other words, we gave it a little more sensitivity. Compared to our all-out performance shortboards, the Double-Smoked has a relaxed rocker, added width, and a full outline to make it an excellent paddler with glide and maneuverability. This daily driver loves the South Shore of Oahu and beach breaks.

TAIL: Squash, Swallow, Square, Diamond, Bat... Etc
FIN SET UP: Thruster or Quad



HALFPINT 

This board is essentially the Stubby 2.0. Same flat rocker and flat deck, this little nugget packs volume. Scale it down a several inches shorter than your normal shortboard, and you'll have a quick and effortless little whip for the small days. The short length and compact volume make it stick to your feet and glide through the flats. The Half-pint is perfect for spicing up the less than average days and keep you motivated to surf when the waves just don't. It's just about as close to that soap bar/twin fin feel as you can get with a thruster or quad set up. The rocker and outline outline have been refined and the nose now has a slight beak finish.

BOTTOM CONTOUR: Single to double concave
FIN RECOMMENDATIONS: Thruster, Quad
TAIL OPTIONS: Squash, Square, Swallow, Bat



ANIMAL

The Animal evolved from the Pocket Rocket in its class of mini boards. I have had many requests from surfers to shape it into a full sized short board and even as a step up. The extremely flat rocker of the Pocket Rocket made the up-scaling problematic, so I made this new model with a modified rocker that frees up the turning radius while still preserving the paddle glide. It still has the same fuller outline and more thickness in the nose, with a single to double concave bottom.

The result is a stable board that catches waves easily and still turns well—all wrapped up in a user-friendly package.

BOTTOM CONTOUR: Single to double concave
FIN RECOMMENDATIONS: Thruster or quad
TAIL OPTIONS: Round pin



FIRECAT

Essentially the SSK8 2.0, this is our little fish to whip around on the south shore of Oahu. Just like its predecessor, it is fast and loose with a flat rocker for maximum glide and a modern performance bottom. To be ridden 2-3” shorter, and approximately 1” - 1 1/2” wider than your normal shortboard. This is a user-friendly board and is fun for all skill levels; novice, intermediate, and advanced.

BOTTOM CONTOUR: Slight single to double concaves to vee + double channel
FIN RECOMMENDATIONS: Thruster, Quad, or Twin w/trailer
TAIL OPTIONS: Swallow



SLINGSHOT

This short and wide twin blends a 70’s outline with a 21st century bottom shape. The Sling Shot is faster and more maneuverable than its older cousin. It features more tail rocker with a single concave that runs deepest above the fin area for added lift and speed. For that retro style and sweeping lines, this board is a fun alternative for almost any wave. It's bred for long open faces and point breaks, but is also a trusty secret weapon when it comes to fast barrels on those playful days.

BOTTOM CONTOUR: Single concave
FIN RECOMMENDATIONS: Twin Keel Fin (Futures K2)
TAIL OPTIONS: Deep Swallow



MANGO

The Mango is an evolved egg with aggressive concaves and rail contours. The straight rocker merged with the triple concave give the Mango amazing speed, drive, stability, and control. The wide round tail creates exceptional lift for glide over flat sections, and instantly adapts in the pocket for critical maneuvering. The angular rail taper creates a low drag profile that grips the water through turns. The Mango is super fun and shreddable in small waves. Size this board 2-4” shorter, and 1/2 – 1” wider than your conventional short board. Inch for inch, and liter for liter, the Mango is a great wave catcher.

BOTTOM CONTOUR: Single to double concave
FIN RECOMMENDATIONS: Works well in thruster or quad fin configurations.
TAIL OPTIONS: Round



MYSTO

The Mysto is a mid-length twin for performance surfing in all conditions. A reverse vee bottom allows seamless transitions rail to rail despite its extra width, and pivots tight off the pin tail when sharp direction changes are necessary. It loves a soft, carvable face on those mushy days, but fin placement and our refined performance rail give this board a remarkable reliability when it comes to hollow and critical waves. This board is surprisingly effortless and fast for its relatively bulky dimensions.

Wave size: waist high - double overhead



HOLY MOLI

Draw old School lines across little peelers or thread a hefty barrel with this modern hybrid design. Pure glide in small waves, clean carving lines, and big barrels — this model is made for it all. The mid-length design was conceived after Sean Arakawa had fallen in love with his 8’0 Avis one summer. He continued to ride the 8’0 funboard into our winter season on the North Shore. As he pushed it into larger waves, he found he wanted something as fun and effortless as the Avis, but with less board to swing around and an outline more tuned for barrels and waves with power. What resulted was the Holy Moli, drawing inspiration from the native name for the seafaring Albatross and shear stoke. This board knows no bounds. Typical length range: 6'6 - 7'6.

BOTTOM CONTOUR: Slight single concave to vee
FIN RECOMMENDATIONS: Thruster or quad
TAIL OPTIONS: Round pin



AVIS

This is a super-charged carver disguised as a mini long board. Its design brings out surfing elements of trim, glide, drive, carve, power, and smooth style. Effortless, loose, and surprisingly responsive, its a small, thin funboard that will take you anywhere. The Avis is so fun it will make you think twice before you grab your shortboard. And, often, that is saying a lot.

Typical length range: 8'0 - 8'6
BOTTOM CONTOUR: Flat to vee off the tail
FIN RECOMMENDATIONS: Thruster or quad
TAIL OPTIONS: Squash, Thumb, or RP



SOLITUDE

This is your dreamy cruiser designed for nose rides and smooth, buttery lines. It features a low rocker and slight concave in the nose blending to a subtle vee in the tail. Its rail contour is elliptical in the nose and transitions into a down rail through the mid section and tail. All this creates easy, forgiving nose rides and exceptional drive when turning off the tail. Swoop in on your Solitude, trim across those glassy, little peelers, and cross-step into the sunset.

BOTTOM CONTOUR: Flat to vee
FIN RECOMMENDATIONS: Single Fin, 2+1
TAIL OPTIONS: Squash, Round Pin, Square