CI Log



The CI Log is a finely tuned traditional longboard shape (aka “log”) resulting from a long-time collaboration between surfer Devon Howard and master shaper Wayne Rich. Setting out with a goal of building the best log they’d ever ridden; they were inspired to create a balanced longboard that could do it all—from tip to tail—at the very highest levels of performance possible.



 Staying true to the traditional longboard genre, the CI Log has no edge in the tail—which in part helps facilitate the board’s incredible hold and sense of control one will feel while blasting through sections on the nose. To offset the tail drag, boggy nature soft railed longboards are notorious for, Wayne added a unique low apex rail to provide more drive, sensitivity, and certainty through turns than a typical “log” design would offer.



The board’s overall performance characteristics are enhanced by having a wide hipped outline just behind the center point, giving riders added leverage to effortlessly swing the board around for setting up noserides or if wanting to ride in and around the pocket with ease, speed and control. The blunted nose design is intentional: It allows the front of the CI Log to be somewhat narrow 12” back from the tip which helps it fit easier into a high, tight pocket while at the same time provide plenty of surface area for you to comfortably perch all 10.  So, whether looking to fly down a reeling point wave, make quick direction changes at a crunchy beach break, or wanting some cruisy tip time at a mellow reef, the CI Log is reliably versatile and excels in a wide range of conditions.



The CI Log is available in colorful resin craftsmanship (6-6oz. decks with 6oz. bottoms) with a satin sanded gloss resin finish, or clear with a T-Band stringer. And if you don’t see the color or size, you’re after, consider ordering a custom through your local CI dealer or here. 



To compliment the CI Log with the perfect fin, we worked yet again with Wayne to design a custom single-fin to enhance the board’s performance characteristics. Learn more about the CI Log fin here. 



CI 2.Pro

Meet the winning surfboard for the 2023 Stab in the Dark with Italo Ferreira, the CI 2.Pro!  The 2.Pro boasts the same outline and bottom contours that won the 2022 SITD, with Jack Robinson, but utilizes a reduced overall rocker to better match the surfing style and waves we believed would be on offer for 2023.



When launching the CI Pro, both rockers had been tested and proven to work well in a wide array of conditions.  Since that time we have discovered that much of our team likes the CI Pro curve and others prefer the 2.Pro curve, both being widely used by the team globally for over a year.  While considering the waves to be surfed in the 2022 SITD we thought the more rockered out version would complement the power and shape of the waves in Hawaii, as well as Jack Robinson’s surfing.  When looking at this years’ contest, we had a sneaking suspicion the surfer was Italo Ferreira.  Taking into consideration his style of surfing and the wide variety of waves that might be encountered in Brazil, we felt that the slightly less rockered 2.Pro would be the right fit.



Maintaining the goal of ultimate performance, the 2.Pro introduces added speed via the reduced rocker, making it easier to surf for a wider range of surfers in a greater variety of waves.  Having a ¼” less overall rocker compared to the CI Pro, the 2.Pro maintains the same subtle single concave to slight double through the fins allowing the board to sit in the water and create that familiar connected feeling through transitions.  



Our experience has been, if someone was a fan of the CI Pro, the 2.Pro enhances their quiver as some team riders will order the 2.Pro for lesser conditions; if someone was intimidated by the CI Pro, the 2.Pro opens up new possibilities to them.



G Skate

The G Skate is built to inspire you with the signature Gudauskas brother energy – Pure stoke. 



This fast, skatey and responsive swallow-tailed hybrid design was born of a collaboration between Britt Merrick and the three Gudauskas brothers—Dane, Pat & Tanner.



Their goal was to create something fresh feeling that turned well in good surf but skated with ease through the not-so-good stuff. There was one major stipulation during its development: the G Skate had to still perform at the highest of levels possible. They achieved this by shortening their typical shortboard rail line by 5” and adding curves and contours in key places that would keep them on top of the water and not hinder their turns in any way. Adding a 2 + 1 (twin plus trailer) fin set-up tied the whole concept together.



The G Skate has a lot of get up and go speed thanks to its light single to double concave, low entry rocker, wide point forward—and its contemporary shortboard rails provide all the precision and control you could ever want.



This stoke-infused collaboration also yielded an all-new Merrick / Gudauskas 2 + 1 fin set for the G Skate, and they also found that the AMT (2 + 1) fin set up also works very well. The purpose of this twin plus trailer fin set-up was to offer the beautiful “free feel” of a twinnie yet have the refined control of a thruster—which is critical in creating a board that accommodates the broad spectrum of approaches between all three G Bros. For those that prefer traditional thruster set-ups, their favorite thruster set will work well in this design—giving surfers twice the options and value.



The G-Skate serves as a strong utility piece in any quiver where fun and performance are the goal. Ride this board 3” to 6” shorter and the same thickness as your CI Pro.



NeckBeard 3



When something isn’t broke, there’s no need to fix it. That said, Britt Merrick and Dane Reynolds still felt a few slight refinements would make an already epic board that much better. And it did: The merits to this update can be seen in Dane’s new surf film “The Electric Acid Surfboard Test.”



A big fan of single concave, Dane asked Britt to take out the vee from the original Neck Beard, creating single throughout. This changed the rocker landscape some, but in a very positive way—enhancing its wave entry, down-the-line speed, and overall control. They also widened the tail block 1/2” and added a slight hip, resulting in increased responsiveness and maneuverability.



In our 3.0 tweak to this great design, we updated only the tail by rounding out its signature square block. While the NeckBeard 3 is the exact same shape in every other way, its new tail design makes this skatey, angular turning air board more versatile by providing smoother transitions in the pocket and buttery carves out on the face—not to mention better hold and more confidence in the barrel.



The NeckBeard 3 is built with the tri-fin set up in mind but also works very well as a quad via a five-fin setup, allowing you to get the best of both worlds. Available in both PU/PE and EPS Spine-Tek.

Mid Twin

When something isn’t broke, there’s no need to fix it. That said, Britt Merrick and Dane Reynolds still felt a few slight refinements would make an already epic board that much better. And it did: The merits to this update can be seen in Dane’s new surf film “The Electric Acid Surfboard Test.”



A big fan of single concave, Dane asked Britt to take out the vee from the original Neck Beard, creating single throughout. This changed the rocker landscape some, but in a very positive way—enhancing its wave entry, down-the-line speed, and overall control. They also widened the tail block 1/2” and added a slight hip, resulting in increased responsiveness and maneuverability.



In our 3.0 tweak to this great design, we updated only the tail by rounding out its signature square block. While the NeckBeard 3 is the exact same shape in every other way, its new tail design makes this skatey, angular turning air board more versatile by providing smoother transitions in the pocket and buttery carves out on the face—not to mention better hold and more confidence in the barrel.



The NeckBeard 3 is built with the tri-fin set up in mind but also works very well as a quad via a five-fin setup, allowing you to get the best of both worlds. Available in both PU/PE and EPS Spine-Tek.



M23

The M23 comes from the storied M13 bloodlines, a favorite hybrid board Al Merrick made for himself and rode variants of for decades from fun Rincon to maxing Sunset.  A true high performance hybrid that caters to the widest possible type and size of surfer - and for the widest range of wave conditions.  Not to be confused with the CI Mid, the M23 carries more foam, boasting a fuller rail and sleeker nose outline.  It paddles like a champ while still riding more like a shortboard.

Tri Plane



The Tri Plane Hull Single is a fun, user-friendly midlength that incorporates a fresh take on a Al Merrick’s Tri Plane Hull bottom design he refined and built during the ’70s and ’80s—a Greenough inspired planning hull that generates tremendous “lift,” which provides added speed, freedom, and ease of control.



Working with surfer Devon Howard once again (see CI Mid), we set out to build a better egg-style, single-fin midlength—a genre of surfboard that can often look cool and groovy but tend to ride slow and sticky, sometimes lacking pizazz or drive through the turns. By incorporating a Tri Plane Hull bottom with a Al’s classic egg outline, and combined with our modern style rail and rocker profiles, we landed on a rather spicy midlength design that has a surprising amount of trim speed and drive through its turn in small surf—making this a reliable long-railed performer in conditions ranging from subpar to above average.



The Tri Plane Hull Single comes with beautiful color lamination options that are sealed with a matte finish gloss coat and outfitted with a minimalistic logo treatment which pays homage to some of Al’s early surfboard creations. 



To compliment this beauty of a midlength, Devon worked on a custom built, sleek single-fin that is available in three sizes: 8”, 8.5” and 9”. The CI Single Fin template is rather upright, which helps the board pivot and turn on dime—while its slender outline and conservative rake profile provide a nice flow on down the line point breaks. Our general sizing guideline goes as follows: 8” for 6’7” & under; 8.5” for 6’8” to 7’5”; 9” 7’6 & over. The CI Single-Fin can be found at your local surf shop or here. 



FREE Scrubber

The twin finned namesake to Tom Curren’s surf edit, Free Scrubber, is a legacy design Tom created with Britt.  The board is a re-creation from the magic twin fins Tom remembers Al making him some 40 years ago.  Tom wanted to recapture the feeling of a low rocker, classic vee bottom design incorporating the traditional early 80’s winged swallow tail outline.  Updated with more refined rails and foil, the Free Scrubber is as fast and loose as the boards he remembers but with added drive and hold, and so is the perfect twin fin for surfers generally more oriented toward thrusters.  A spicy and quick surfboard designed to give you all the freedom of a twin while allowing you to go places on the wave you didn’t think possible. 

Ride the Free Scrubber 1" to 2" shorter than your Happy Everyday or 3" to 5" shorter than your Two Happy.

CI PRO



Meet Stab in the Dark’s 2022 season champ: the CI Pro. Britt’s winning shortboard design, as seen under the feet of Jack Robinson, was made in collaboration with Parker Coffin.

The most rockered board in our current line, the CI Pro is the pinnacle of high performance. The continuous rocker which is curviest beneath your feet allows for quick directional changes while the low curve out the back maximizes projection. The CI Pro's minimal single concave with a very slight double through the fins causes the board to sit in the water and creates a more connected feel at high speeds and through your turns.  The curvier outline matched with soft, tucked rails provide for extreme rail to rail surfing.



To put it concisely, the CI Pro let’s you do whatever you want without thinking. 



Created by Britt Merrick from what was initially the Two Happy performance shortboard model, our new Happy Everyday fills a need in every surfer’s quiver: the everyday shortboard. 



Coming off the heels of CI’s Pro Team loving the Two Happy, Britt wanted to draft off its performance attributes but modify it to address the everyday conditions most of us come up against. The kind of conditions where you want to rip and aren’t feeling the groveler vibes, and at the same time maybe not quite the epic stuff you would use your high performance shortboard for. To achieve this goal, Britt shortened the rail to create a curvier outline, especially through the tail area. For both the entry and exit rockers he lowered them to increase paddle and planing speeds to cover a broader range of conditions. The single concave under the front foot acts as a gas pedal and generous double concave through the fins provides rail-to-rail ease and plenty of lift in the small stuff.



The CI Pro Team has been loving it, and the design was further validated in the recent Stab in the Dark that featured Taj Burrow in West Oz—not only for the way it looked under his feet but the fact he chose to paddle out on as the wildcard for WSL’s Rottnest Islands event.





Happy Everyday

The Happy Everyday is a great all-around design that sits right between your high performance shortboard (Two Happy) and a step down/groveler (Rocket Wide). 



In short, a board designed for high performance surfing on the majority of waves the majority of us surf every day, the Happy Everyday.



Mavs Gun



“This is the best gun I’ve ever ridden,” explains iconic big-wave surfer Peter Mel, who rode what many are saying is the best paddle wave ever at Mavericks. “It’s not only the fastest gun I’ve ever had, it is the most user friendly.”



The Mavs Gun was designed between Peter Mel and Britt Merrick to do what any good big-wave board should: Paddle extremely well, make crazy drops with great hold and control, then fly down the line and drive through heavy sections with unrivaled confidence.



Rocker is something Peter is very passionate about, and he credits the Mavs Gun rocker as a key aspect to the design’s performance. “There has been a gun design trend toward lower entry rocker among some of the leading models out there. My issue with lower entry rocker is you are sacrificing the curve needed to fit your board into some rather precarious situations.” 



Peter says the five-fin placement on the Mavs Gun is a significant feature that makes this board magic. Peter and his son John have put a lot of time into dialing in the fins. “The five-fin cluster is put further forward than other standard guns out there,” explains Peter. “This allows the board to turn with greater control, positivity, and overall sensitivity to make the most subtle of adjustments when you need it most. You run quads when speed is all you need and go thruster when the conditions are more rugged, and you need great control on your take-offs.”



Don’t let the name fool you, Peter notes the scalability of the Mavs Gun down into sizes you’d want for big beach breaks (think OB San Francisco or Puerto Escondido) is seamless. He says its rocker profile at any length, like the 8’0” or 8’6” stock dims we offer, works very well in hollow surf, and the proportions are just right for most common body types in your average double to triple overhead zone ++ zone.

Bobby Martinez



Bobby Martinez challenged us to build him as short of a board as possible with the goal of maximizing his fun in Santa Barbara’s tiny summer surf. He also added that it had to be a quad, and it still had to live up to his high-performance standards. Bobby’s shortboards are 5’8” but for this customized four-finner he was thinking we ought to take it down to 5’2”. By shortening the rail line and distributing the volume into the width throughout the plan shape he’d be able to skate over the flats and carry enough speed to still fit in his signature gauges.

 



The Bobby Quad has a low entry rocker that goes into a flat planing surface under the gas pedal portion of the board that provides the speed to get into waves and over those flat sections.  The exit rocker and bottom contours are designed to be all business - with performance oriented flip and generous double concave for added lift to help Bobby boogie down the line in gutless waves.  Its tail rocker profile, combined with some width in the tail and modified swallow, provide speed and hold during quick directional changes.



The model is designed to be ridden 3” to 6” shorter and ¼” to 1/2” wider than your shortboard. For reference, Bobby’s dimensions are 5’2 x 19 x 2 5/16. From other team riders we’ve since learned that the Bobby Quad is versatile enough to be scaled up for those wanting to increase their wave count. The rail stays nicely foiled (not chunky) at fuller dimensions, so to maintain the integrity of the design we recommend adding thickness over width to hit your volume. As for fins, we recommend you run your favorite quad templates.



Rocket Wide



The Rocket Wide has been one of our most versatile and popular boards and this new version brings a whole new flair to its qualities.



"Adding the squash tail to the Rocket Wide has given me a whole new perspective on the design. Ultimately what I love most about the Rocket Wide is how much speed it carries through a ride, and the squash really allows you to round out your turns and create smooth lines on the wave with all that speed. It has been a blast feeling that freshness under my feet and stoked to have it as part of my daily quiver to ride!!!" - DANE GUDAUSKAS



Available stock in 3 or 5 fin configurations.



Advanced surfers will ride this 2″-4″ shorter than their height.



Twin Pin

This sexy, versatile twin-finned pintail is a collaboration between Britt Merrick and one of the world’s most stylish surfers, Mikey February. The two wanted to create a board that had all the fun twin feels but enough hold and projection to free you from ever wishing for a third fin or trailer. Designed as an all-rounder, it helps you rip in anything from lame little waves to double overhead rifling walls.



From the nose and toward the back, the bottom is flat, then to a slight roll, and vee in the back half, which creates a buttery board that is both responsive and solid. The rails are low, so most people ride the Twin Pin at least 1/8” thicker than their shortboard. It works best with the special twin fin template Britt designed just for this board that is between a keel and upright and provides the right balance of drive, hold, and maneuverability.



The Twin Pin can be ridden with various dimensional approaches according to what you want to do, ride, and feel. Mikey February surfs a 6’0” shortboard and likes his Twin Pins at 5’9” and 5’11” to suit any conditions around the world. Tanner Gudauskas likes his the same length as his normal shortboard for Trestles, and Britt likes to ride his Twin Pins at Rincon a couple of inches longer than his regular shortboards.



The Twin Pin comes in clear or with a resin tinted deck, black lams, and clear bottom.



Two Happy



Created by Britt Merrick, through work with Dane Reynolds and Parker Coffin, the Two Happy takes all the high-performance speed and flow of the original Happy but makes it more accessible and user-friendly for a broader range of surfers and conditions. With added entry rocker and increased double concave, the Two Happy is looser, rolls rail to rail more easily, and carves better in the pocket. Our team describes the board as exceptionally fast, responsive, and under the feet. The fuller rails and wider, thicker tail block provide ease of paddle, ride, and acceleration.



To enjoy all of our state-of-the-art shortboard performance design characteristics packed into one easy-to-ride and accessible board, look no further than the Two Happy.



FishBeard



Parker Coffin said it first: “A Neck Beard 2 would work sick as a keel-fin fish!” So we go to work redesigning the back half of the NB2 template and rocker, paired the board with our CI Keel Fins, and the FishBeard was born.



The FishBeard is pure business in the front and all party in the back. Get forward on this user-friendly board and drive from the center and you’ll have all the speed and flow you always desired. Step back on the tail to engage the fins and rails, which provides you hold, pivot, projection and the freedom to rip as hard as ever. To keep the party going, we dug into the archives and found some vintage mid-80’s, fluorescent logos and recreated CI’s iconic layup from that era.



For maximum performance, we highly recommend pairing the board with Futures AMK Keel Fins. Although inspired by classic keel outlines, the all-new AMK template boasts a modern rake shape, graduated tip flex and flat inside foils finely tuned for fast, high-performance surfing. This keel-fin design is built to rip but also ideal for those that just want to groove.



CI MID



The CI Mid is a modern classic design resulting from a fun collaboration with Devon Howard, a southern California surfer that has spent the past two decades riding and refining egg-inspired designs that are in a category of boards many refer to as midlengths.



Inspired by the clean, longer-railed lines drawn by traditional eggs and single-fins, the CI Mid infuses that timeless vibe with the crispness, sensitivity, and freedom made possible by modern features synonymous with Merrick design principles. Boasting a sleek, egg-like template with low entry rocker and foam a tad forward for ease of paddle and effortless trim speed, the CI Mid scoots, squirts and swivels thanks to contemporary features like double-barrel concave, gradually accelerated rocker, and hard, slightly tucked rails through and off the tail.



A reliable all-arounder that flies over the flatter, smaller stuff, the CI Mid really stands apart from other eggs and various midlength designs out there, especially in shoulder-high to nearly double overhead point surf—where surfers are able to lay down flowy, arcing turns with total confidence, speed, and control.



The minimalist logo is out of the Channel Islands Archives—a lam Al put on his boards in the early ’70s—all CI Mids are stocked with high quality, colorful resin craftsmanship (6-4oz. decks with 6oz. bottoms).



As we know, fins can make or break any surfboard. For the CI Mid, we worked closely with SoCal surfer Devon Howard and our friends at True Ames Fins to custom build a 2 + 1 fin set that enhances our new midlength’s high-performance characteristics, as well as proving to be versatile in a wide range of conditions with just a simple adjustment of the center fin.



3.6″ side bites are designed for surfers 160lbs and under

4.0″ side bites are designed for surfers over 160lbs



Happy Traveler

If you are looking for a good wave board, bigger wave board, or a do it all exploration and adventure board the Happy Traveler is it! Proven in conditions around the world and in some of the most dreamy and serious surf, the Traveler is the one board travel quiver you’ll need for all your most memorable experiences ahead.  The Happy Traveler takes the proven rocker curve of the Happy and tunes it for surf where a step-up is desirable due to size, power, or quality of waves.



In pumping surf, you need to be able to control and harness speed rather than merely create it. The Traveler’s decreased concave between the fins, straighter pulled in outline in the back third, and leading fin’s placement closer to the rail optimize hold and control in quality surf. This allows you to surf with more confidence and freedom as you are more connected to and seated in the wave face. When all the work is done, you’ll be thinking less and feeling more as you surf some of the best waves of your life.



When the waves are good you want to get as many as you can as well as have the confidence to get in over the ledge! The Happy Traveler maximizes your paddling power and ability to catch waves with more thickness carried in the forward deck and rail, and a fuller outline in the front third of the board. When the opportunity arises, you can be sure these same characteristics make the board perform exceptionally well in the barrel.



If the swell drops, the Happy rocker still gets the job done and proves this board to be the single board you need in your quiver.



The Traveler comes standard with a round pin and can be set up and ridden as a thruster or quad.



Happy

The Happy is a new performance shortboard model built to give surfers the freedom to easily go wherever their mind takes them. Low entry rocker and strategically placed forward volume allow the board to paddle well, get up to speed quickly, and perform extremely well in the tube. To harness all that speed, Happy’s refined rails and thinned out tail make for a highly responsive board that is also extremely forgiving through critical maneuvers and it holds like a mutha – no matter how hard you turn. Single concave under the front foot, transitioning into double between the fins, and flat off the tail give the perfect combination of speed and control. Over the past two years Britt refined and tweaked the design thanks to a steady stream of Team feedback by the likes of Zeke Lau, Lakey Peterson, Mikey February and Connor O’Leary—who have all since been riding it on the pro tour.



Surf better. Be happy.



Rocket Wide



The Rocket Wide has been one of our most versatile and popular boards and this new version brings a whole new flair to its qualities.



"Adding the squash tail to the Rocket Wide has given me a whole new perspective on the design. Ultimately what I love most about the Rocket Wide is how much speed it carries through a ride, and the squash really allows you to round out your turns and create smooth lines on the wave with all that speed. It has been a blast feeling that freshness under my feet and stoked to have it as part of my daily quiver to ride!!!" - DANE GUDAUSKAS



Available stock in 3 or 5 fin configurations.



Advanced surfers will ride this 2″-4″ shorter than their height.



CI Fish

The all-new CI Fish is our Next Gen “fish” shape—thinned-out and tuned-up for added performance, making it a versatile craft that can energize your average grovel sesh one day then have you screaming down-the-line on clean, head high points the next.



Our CI Fish’s DNA can be traced back to 2005’s Retro Fish, which two years later inspired the Skinny Fish—a refined version of the Retro Fish, featuring more user-friendly rails with less volume and a quad fin set-up. This third iteration of our fish family takes us back to a twin keel set-up but adds some subtle performance board characteristics into a classic plan shape, resulting in an update that fish aficionados and performance board die-hards alike can appreciate.



CI pro team riders such as Dane Gudauskas, Sage Erickson, Conner Coffin, Mike February, and Alex Gray all say that the CI Fish is faster than greased lightning and zips through any flat sections with ease.



This new model performs best with our brand new Channel Islands AMK Futures keel fin template. Inspired by a classic outline, they boast a modern rake shape, graduated tip flex and flat inside foils finely tuned for fast, high performance surfing. Both the fins and the CI Fish are available HERE and at fine surf shops everywhere.



Built for stock in both PU/PE and EPS Spine-Tek constructions.



Ultra Joe



A few years back, we built the Average Joe to be a fun, simple, easy-to-ride board and it became one of our top sellers. For 2019, after rounds of customer feedback and team testing, we’ve created a souped-up, sleeker version…the Ultra Joe.



The Ultra Joe boasts foiled rails, a double-bump squash tail, narrower nose with an updated rocker profile, and additional exit rocker. The result is a progressive step forward for beginner/intermediate surfers while at the same time is an inviting step down for average to good surfers seeking something fun and cruisy on the smaller, weaker days.



Despite all these changes, one thing remains the same: the fun factor.



Dane Reynolds



When something isn’t broke, there’s no need to fix it. That said, Britt Merrick and Dane Reynolds still felt a few slight refinements would make an already epic board that much better. And it did: The merits to this update can be seen in Dane’s new surf film “The Electric Acid Surfboard Test.”



A big fan of single concave, Dane asked Britt to take out the vee from the original Neck Beard, creating single throughout. This changed the rocker landscape some, but in a very positive way—enhancing its wave entry, down-the-line speed, and overall control. They also widened the tail block 1/2” and added a slight hip, resulting in increased responsiveness and maneuverability.



Dane prefers the Neck Beard 2 as a tri-fin, but those that like quads may notice added down-the-line speed. It comes with a five-fin setup to get the best of both worlds.  Available in both PU/PE and EPS Spine-Tek.





Flyer



Our all-time most popular design is The Flyer.  In 1999 Al was searching for a solution to team riders’ dilemma of needing more speed and flow in lesser waves while maintaining high performance, world tour level surfing.  The answer was a board that departed from the then overly narrow designs and set the stage for the modern performance shortboard that is now wider and shorter.  The Flyer is easily the most ridden and enjoyed all around board in our history.



Best as an everyday board in everyday conditions, the OG Flyer has a single concave entry to double through the middle and a vee exit, Al’s signature bump squash, slight down rail, and a subtle nose beak.  To be ridden approximately the same length as you are tall.

Fever



The Fever has its roots in Al Merrick’s trusted and proven high-performance shortboard designs. The goal in designing this board with Mike Andrews and Patrick Gudauskas was to create a more accessible tour level performance board that anyone who jumped onto it would “instantly feel the speed and zest for creativity.” Borrowing Pat’s favorite elements of the Proton, Rookie, and MBM, and combining them with a subtle single concave and lower rocker resulted in a board with a huge sweet spot. With a slightly more parallel outline and forgiving rocker, the Fever has proven to be an all-around design that excels in a wide range of conditions and wave types.



The Fever in the words of Patrick Gudauskas: 

Overview: The Fever was born from a desire for an all-around performance board based on elements I love, Speed, Drive, and Flair.  My Goal in designing this board with Mike Andrews and Channel Islands was to create a surfboard that I could surf in almost any conditions and have a hell of a good time on it.  I wanted a more accessible Tour Performance board that anyone who jumped onto it would instantly feel the speed and zest for creativity.



Conditions: I like to surf my Fever in anything from 2-3 foot softer California style beach break and point break waves, to 6ft+ World Tour style waves, like Snapper, J Bay, Bells, Lowers, Haleiwa, and Backdoor.  I prefer to ride it just above my groveler/small wave board, and all the way until I need a step-up or round tail surfboard.   



How to Order: Same dimensions as my normal shortboard.  For me my normal dims are 5’10” x 18 1/2 x 2 1/4, I have been enjoying a full 2 1/4 just because it gives extra stability and flow to the board, and with the hip on the tail, it can hold a little extra volume through to the rail.  Pretty straight forward as your normal dimensions.



Technical backdrop: The board originated off the Remix (rookie/MBM) which I surfed for several years on the World Tour.  I loved these designs but wanted more speed and drive throughout the board.  We chopped rockers off the nose and tail to flatten the design out and allow it to fly.  We added a single concave, and a tail template inspired by the CI MBM, one of my all-time favorite surfboards by CI.  The intention was to give the surfboard drive and control off the back 1/3 of the surfboard, so it could be fast, but also dominate in big sections and hollow bowls.  The goal, making it a reliable, easy to access sweet spot for maximum flair.



Background how the Fever came to be: The Fever stands for speed and drive.  For me, as a Channel Islands team rider of 16 years, I have ridden almost all the models that Al Merrick and CI Surfboards have designed and loved them all in their own individual ways.  Most recently, I had been searching for a board that could encompass all my favorite boards into one surfboard.  I wanted it to be easily accessible to find the sweet spot and to keep me inspired to surf creatively in all conditions be it small onshore beach break, or perfect reeling point break 6 – 8 foot.  In the years leading up to the FEVER, I spent a lot of time on the world tour surfing really good waves.  I spent a lot of time surfing boards like the Rookie, The Proton, the T-low, and the MBM.  The thing that I realized, was that each board in its own way served a style or purpose to the waves I was riding.  The Proton felt amazing in hollow or powerful waves where the curve of the board suited the curve of the wave face, but when the wave went flat suddenly it felt like I was pushing water or losing speed.  The Rookie/Rook15 felt great in Bells Beach style waves where there was an open face for big arcs and turns, but for me struggled in punchy quick beach break style waves.  I was finding that in my quiver I had either a board that was one thing, or another, but not both. This is where the Fever was born, from a desire for an all-around performance board based on elements I love, speed, drive, and flair.  My goal in designing this board with Mike Andrews and Channel Islands was to create a board that you could surf in almost all conditions and have a hell of a good time on it.  I wanted a more accessible Tour Performance board that anyone who jumped onto it would instantly feel the speed and zest for creativity.  For the design, we lowered the rockers of my existing boards, added the hip on the tail to give it maximum speed, and maximum drive/control.  With the single concave and simple outline, the Fever has become my favorite surfboard.  In my mind, the Fever is a board of Speed, Flair, and Drive with a dependable sweet spot for paramount fun.  Enjoy!



Design in the words of the shaper, Mike Andrews: “FEVER”. The fever has its roots in Al’s trusted and proven high-performance shortboard series. What we did is we looked at some parts of a few different models Pat loves, including the Rookie/Remix/Mbm and the Proton. From the Rookie, we stole the “engine room” i.e., the entry rocker and the rail rocker leading into the fins, but lowered the overall rocker. We also used the slightly shallower concave found on Al’s Remix, compared to the Rookie, helping it be more adaptable in less than perfect waves. From the MBM we took Al’s hip squash, which gives great pivot off the bottom and awesome release in the lip. We then gave it a slightly wider nose and tail than the Rookie, which makes the outline a lil more parallel like the Proton, this produces more drive…and there you have it, Pat’s Fever. Still a very high-performance board but one that’s a bit more of an all-rounder and very versatile in a wider range of conditions which is exactly what Pat was searching for!



Black & White



An all around, high performance shortboard designed for down the line speed and easy rail-to-rail transitions, the Black & White is based on a favorite hand shape Britt Merrick made Dane Reynolds for Santa Barbara area point breaks. Dane related its feel to a good MBM.

The Black & White has a fairly low entry rocker, a staged flat-ish section between the feet, and an accelerated kick out the tail. A single concave runs the length of the board, is deepest near the front fins and shallows into a hint of vee exiting the tail block. A flat deck design, the Black & White offers improved flex characteristics, a solid under-your-feet feel, and full rails.



The board should be ridden about your same height to 2″ longer than you are tall. Because of the flat deck ride the board 1/8” thinner than your normal shortboard to keep the same general volume.



The Black & White is suitable for most surfers in most types of surf where a shortboard is appropriate.

#CIBlackandWhite



Sampler



Take your good wave game to conditions that are not. The Sampler was developed with Dane Reynolds to be that step-down board you ride a little shorter and wider in smaller or weaker surf while not sacrificing performance. It fits in your quiver between something fishy like a High 5 or Pod Mod and your normal shortboard.



Loosely based off the Dumpster Diver,it has flat, racy entry and center rocker,with ample curve out the tail for tight transitions and airs. A generous single concave runs the whole length of the board, with a slight double within the single between the fins, and just a little vee to provide kick off the tail. The outline is full but sleek in the front half, with an exaggerated and slightly forward of normal Merrick hip, and a wide old-school squash tail.



The Sampler is suitable for every level of surfer and should be ordered 2-4 inches shorter, 1/4 to 3/4 inches wider, and the same or slightly thicker than your normal shortboard.



Now available in 4’10 and 5’2 GROM SERIES dimensions

POD





In 2000 the original Pod rapidly became a global favorite, allowing surfers to drop six inches off their shortboards and revolutionize punting. The Pod Mod design is a heavily modified Pod, designed to be ridden even shorter and wider than the original, catering to the surfer that wants a little more volume forward to catch waves but doesn’t want to sacrifice performance. The tail has been widened for small wave glide, and the original single to double concave has been replaced with a flat entry to concave vee for quick rail to rail transitions. Experienced surfers ride this board 3”- 6” shorter than you are tall.



Twin Fin



The Twin Fin has a retro 70’s feel, with updated performance qualities.

It was originally designed and hand shaped by Britt Merrick when asked to compete in a surf contest where shapers ride retro boards they have created themselves. Inspired by a twin fin that his father Al had shaped for himself in the late 70’s, and that a friend had recently found at a garage sale, Britt took a template off it, drew it on a blank and updated the rocker to have a more modern feel with added positive drive and carving ability. Thus, the new CI Twin Fin was born. The Twin Fin has been tested by Britt, Dane and CI Factory pilots in everything from weak beach breaks to good Rincon and has proved to be a fast and fun wave catching machine.  To offset negative characteristics of a usual high-volume retro design, the Twin Fin’s rails are tapered and relatively thin feeling for added sensitivity and responsiveness.

Starting in the summer of 2017, the Twin Fin comes standard with 3 Future fins plugs.  Shop fins HERE

Ride the Twin Fin 2” to 4” shorter than you are tall; 1/2” to 1” wider, and 1/8” to 1/4” thicker than your normal shortboard.

#CITwinFin



Starting in summer 2017 this board is also available in Fusion Dual Core technology with FCS2. (Fins not included) Shop Dual Core here.

Shop Alpha Futures Here

Shop FCSII Twins Here



Bonzer



Channel Islands is proud to offer an original Bonzer collaboration with Malcolm Campbell, Britt Merrick, and Dane Reynolds. The three recently got in the shaping room with a raw blank to design and hand shape a board for Dane with blended elements from the 70’s and current period.  The result is a step-down that is fun, quick, and spicy in average surf.  The modern hybrid outline, low rocker, and wide arc tail create lift while the long base of the Bonzer side fins provides timeless speed and projection.  Designed to be ridden your same height or shorter.



High 5





The High 5 was cooked up by CI staff to be fun and forgiving but with performance sprinkled in.  Designed to be a quicker and nimbler offspring of the Average Joe, the High 5 will pad your wave count and still allow for rail work and section making.  The bottom is single concave entry to deep double through the fins and terminating with deep concave vee out the tail.  Comes stock with 5 fin boxes and can be ridden as a quad or thruster.   You can ride the High 5 however you want, but CI staff generally ride it about 3” to 5” shorter than our height.



Bonzer 5



SIMA 2017 Alternative Board of the Year

The Biscuit originally began changing lineups in 2007. Revolutionary at the time with ultra-flat rocker and standard sizes going as short as 5’2″, the Biscuit rapidly became a favorite for many of the team riders and surfers around the world. Soon after, we began to notice that certain people “Bonzer-ized” their Biscuits with the Campbell’s 5-fin setup. Turns out the pronounced spiral vee in the back of the board jived perfectly with the Campbell brothers’ Bonzer 5 recipe. Now exactly 10 years later, that vision by a small crew of surfers is a reality. For all of you who remember the smile the Biscuit brought to your face, enjoy the added drive and rail-to-rail feel of the Bonzer 5 Biscuit. Ride this board about 4″ – 6″ shorter than you are tall.



Bonzer Shelter 5



Since 1969 only a few miles and some of California’s best point breaks separated Al Merrick and The Campbell Brothers, Malcolm, and Duncan. Unbeknown to most, Al and Malcolm began working together in 1985 when Malcolm came on board and shaped for Al/CI for over 20 years. Now 30 years on, a design offering is born out of that experience and mutual respect.



The Shelter model is our contemporary Bonzer 5 shortboard.  Its name was inspired by the 2001 film, Shelter by Chris Malloy and Moonshine Conspiracy.  We provided a 6’2″ and a 6’4″ for the film.  The boards were ridden by Taylor Knox, Donovan Frankenreiter, and a cast of visiting surfers.  The Shelter is primarily a squash tail and can be custom ordered with a swallow, round pin, or thumb tail.  It is a versatile board that works well in all conditions. When deciding on the size, go with your favorite dimensions, taking into consideration the conditions and type of waves you anticipate using the board for.



Utilizing the Bonzer 5 system, which we have developed and refined over the last 34 years, the Shelter provides quick easy rail to rail transition, and unparalleled drive out of turns.  It also maintains speed exceptionally well through cutbacks and has been known to have an uncanny ability to navigate through the barrel.  We have been working for years toward getting the Bonzer fully into the mix at the highest levels; with CI that time has come.  Have at it and enjoy the Bonzer Experience.” -Malcolm and Duncan Campbell



The goal of this dynamic collaboration is to bring the Bonzer, one of surfing’s most unique and original designs, to the forefront and to continue CI’s tradition of surfers building quality surfboards.



Chahcho



Whether new to surfing or just looking to enjoy a cruisy session, the all-new Chancho is a super user-friendly, stable board that catches waves with ease. The Chancho boasts generous volume for its mid length size, and features low nose rocker for early wave entry. Its subtle vee-bottom contours that run through the fins help it turn effortlessly.

Pat & The Hoglet



We kept seeing custom orders for super- short versions of our popular Waterhog.  The results were too fun looking to ignore.  With a wide nose and generous rocker throughout, the Hoglet is a fun wave-catcher that can turn on a dime.  Ride this board any length you want. #CIHoglet


The Peregrine



Named after the fast and powerful falcon that tends to breed on coastal cliffs. This new model connects with the board’s design for fast, powerful surfing and reflects Dane and Courtney’s interest in falconry. Four-channels fuel this all around high performance shortboard suitable for all wave types. Designed for maximum down the line speed, quick transitions, and big rail turns.



The peregrine has a low entry rocker that’s accelerated through the back. The rail rocker is low but with ample break around the front fins and staged by the exit of the channels, creating extreme release near the trailing fin and off the tail. Center rocker is straighter and fast with the effect being exaggerated by the deep channels running out the back. The channels sit within a generous single concave that runs the length of the board and goes flat at the tail block.



The flat deck provides positive flex patterns, volume distribution and feel under the feet. Should be ordered an 1/8th of an inch thinner than a customer’s usual thickness. (i.e. If the customer usually rides a board with a 2 1/2 center thickness, they should order The Peregrine at 2 3/8 and can expect it to have the same general rail thickness, feel and flotation as a board that is 2 1/2). Rails are round, medium to full. Designed to work best in waist to ceiling high surf. Ride this board your same height up to a couple inches longer. Also makes a good smaller wave board when ordered shorter and wider. *ALL Peregrines come stock with four channels, and are thruster only.



MINI



Introducing an eco-minded production surfboard.  In partnership with (the auto maker) MINI’s new Countryman Plug-In Hybrid,  the MINI Eco-Hybrid surfboard utilizes ECOBOARD Project qualified EPS blanks and epoxy resins, and is hand-built at CI’s factory in Santa Barbara that has been audited by Sustainable Surf to build Gold Level ECOBOARDS.  And lastly the California stock boards are hand-delivered without any need for packaging.



The MINI surfboard was a 2017 Channel Islands collaboration with Kalani Robb and MINI automotive. By incorporating our common passions for performance and having fun we developed a versatile surfboard that performs in a unusually wide range of conditions. The MINI offers a ultra relaxed rocker, wider nose, wider squash tail, thinned rails, and aggressive single to double concave with vee out the tail. Taking a page from Al’s popular Skinny Fish design the MINI incorporates all the speed and wave catching ability of a traditional fish with the performance benefits of a squash tail. Designed to work best in knee to head high surf. This board is best positioned as your go to groveler in your quiver. Ride this board 3″ – 6″ shorter than your height.



TACO GRINDER



Originating as a board for navigating long barrels in Mexico, the Taco Grinder is a direct result of CI team demanding shortboard performance in waves that require a semi-gun or step-up.  Bottom is single concave throughout, a fuller rail and tail kick make it good paddler that still goes vertical. In short, a versatile high performance step-up designed for advanced surfers who want to take their good wave performance to the next level.  Ride this board the same width and thickness as your all-around performance board, but 2” to 6” longer depending on how big the waves are.



Rook 15



First seen on the WCT tour in 2010, the Rookie has been rediscovered by our entire CT team this year; Seabass, Kelly, Adriano, Lakey, Bianca, Sage and Kai all have won heats on the new Rookie 15. Ridden shorter and wider than the original, the Rook 15 is the ultimate contest workhorse.  Single concave throughout, the Rook 15 works best when on rail. Ride this board your same height to 2” longer.

Girabbit



Jordy looks to his Girabbit design when the waves have some push. Best used as all-around shortboard for above average surf. Single concave throughout means the Girabbit works best when on rail. A fairly aggressive tail curve allows for tight radius turns. Ride this board your same height to 3″ longer than you are tall. Jordy is 6’3″ 190 and rides his Girabbit 6’3″ x 19 1/4 x 2 5/8 @ 33.1L



Ride this board 1″ to 3″ longer than you are tall



ZEUS



The CI team calls the Zeus “A quick and loose all-around performance shortboard”. The bottom contours are very light single entry, to double concave through the fins, to concave vee exit. The Zeus can be ridden as a squash, swallow or round pin in waves from waist to ceiling high.  Originally released in 2014, this board is now custom order only.



Ride this board your same height to 2″ longer.



Bunny Chow



The Bunny Chow has been Jordy Smith’s board of choice for his World Tour campaigns in poor to fair surf. Designed around Jordy’s large build and dynamic approach, the Bunny Chow is equally suited to be on rail or the air. Jordy rides his 6’1” x 11.9” x 19” x 15.27” x 2.5” at 31.6L with 5.6” of nose rocker and 2.03” of tail rocker. The Bunny Chow rails are full to provide maximum volume. The rocker is staged to accommodate Jordy’s power.



Ride this board about your same height



4



A performance based California utility board, the “four” was the fourth board in a series of numbered concept boards built for Dane Reynolds just prior to the 2012 US Open. Each concept board incorporated a blend of single to double with vee, 13”+ nose and 15”+ tail with a double bump. After a few months of tweaks and refinements, the result is a design that can be ridden in two different dimension sets to dial in the type of waves and conditions you ride. Dane rides a 5’8” x 19 1/2 a 2 7/16 as a GROVELER and a 5’9” 19 1/4 x 2 7/16” as a UTILITY board.



Ride the utility a couple inches shorter than you are tall, and the groveler an inch or 2 shorter than that (so about 4″ shorter than you are tall)



T LOW



R&D on the T-Low began with Tanner Gudauskas seeking a lower rockered shortboard and has resulted in an ultra-forgiving all-around performance board. The plan shape of the T-Low takes a different path than the extreme curves in the DFR and Proton by utilizing medium entry and low exit rockers. T-Low bottom contours combine single concave at the 12” mark to flat exit through the back fin. The rails are tapered so consider riding this board 1/16” thicker than your DFR, Rubble, Proton, Rookie, etc. The T-Low has proven to be a unique design, being user friendly and still meeting World Tour requirements as evident by Tanner’s surfing and Dane Reynolds riding a T-Low prototype to a 2012 CT final in France. Tanner says, “If you could take one board on a trip this would be it.”



Ride the T-low your same height up to 2″ longer than you are tall.



Dane Fred Rubble



No, not the “Dane Fred Rubble” the DFR is a design from Dane freaking Reynolds. First ridden in 2012 and a staple on the world tour, the DFR is an ultra-modern short board, the plan-shape allows for a short rail line while maintaining drive. The bottom is predominately single concave and features an aggressive flip in exit rail rocker. A full outline provides enough volume to ride the DFR about the same length as your height. This short board is not only ready for big airs but also allows for the heaviest carves you can lay down. Designed to be ridden approximately the same length as you are tall Dane rides his DFR his own height. 6’0″ x 19″ x 2 3/8″





Flyer

In 1999, Al Merrick designed the Flyer, revolutionizing high performance surfing in small waves. For 2013 Channel Islands has modernized the Flyer into a shorter and wider package. This new plan-shape allows for the same volume in a shorter rail line. We kept the forgiving 2-stage rocker and added spiral vee starting in front of the fins to allow for rail-to-rail quickness. The signature Merrick hip provides a pivot point for tight arcs.



The New Flyer is now available with a unidirectional carbon strip on the bottom. The carbon stiffens the middle of the board, increasing flex and bend in the tail and thereby a tighter turn radius. The carbon also reinforces the middle portion of the board against breakage with no detectable weight.



4P



Originally released in 2012, the Semi-Pro 12 incorporates a wider forward (nose) outline and the wide point just a little behind center. The main purpose of this design change (relative to other performance boards)  was to allow for more forward volume which translates to easier paddling and wave catching while still accommodating a short rail for tight arcs.



As a Round Tail the SP12 has proven to be one of our most popular step-up boards.



Designed to be ridden the same length you are tall, or up to 2″ longer



Weirdo Ripper



For that small to medium all-around board in your quiver is the Yadin Nicol-created “Weirdo Ripper.” The Weirdo Ripper spent over a year behind the scenes in development with Kelly, Dane, Nathaniel and Yadin until ultimately being unveiled at the 2012 US Open by Dane Reynolds, who displayed the board’s advantages in the tricky Huntington conditions.

Despite the aggressive tail rocker, the Weirdo Ripper is a user friendly design, full volume for easy paddling, wide point forward, V bottom, square-winged swallow that works well as a thruster or quad.



Ride the Weirdo 2” to 5” shorter than your height.

The Proton



Voted the 2009 board of the year by SIMA, The Proton is a result of Dane’s design work in late 2007. Still Dane’s go-to board in good pockety surf, the Proton is the choice for advanced surfers everywhere.



Original and truly unique from any other board in our line, this board has continuous rocker throughout. The bottom consists of a deep single concave, and full rails. Dane normally rides a 2 3/8″ and orders his Protons at 2 1/4″, so order yours a 1/8″ thinner.



Ride this board about 1″ to 3″ longer than you are tall. As of 2012 this board is CUSTOM ONLY



JOE



Over the last six years and hundreds of stops on our demo tour we have learned a few things. One of those is that surfers sometimes want something simple, fun, and easy to ride.



Light single concave for the first 1/3 to deepening concave vee throughout. The Joe can be surfed off the rail or tail that has Al’s signature hip tail template to keep drive. Full rails keep high volume in a short outline.



Increase wave count, make more sections. The average Joe is geared towards the things that makes surfing fun.



Channel Islands first and foremost is performance based and athlete driven, but not everyone’s next paycheck hinges on how critical their equipment works.



Dumpster Diver



Our board designs are direct results of team feedback, so when Dane showed up at the factory in early 2010 requesting a short wide epoxy with single concave and a huge square tail to make the summer bearable, the Dumpster Diver was born. When he came back a week later and wanted one with a narrower nose and a Rookie tail template for the Trestles contest in 3 days, the 2nd Generation Dumpster Diver was created and remained under his feet all the way through to his first final at the WCT Trestles 2009. Voted SIMA board of the year for 2010.  The Dumpster has a ton of curve in a short package, so stick to the pocket and keep it on rail.



Ride 1″ to 4″ shorter than your height.



Black Beauty



The Black Beauty has become one of our most popular step up boards. A replica of Tom Curren’s famous 1985 Bell’s Beach, Occy beating, and world title winning board. Vee bottom makes this a great board for good waves. Power, speed and flow are timeless cornerstones of good style. The trend to shorter and wider boards has come at the expense of drive, and with top surfers around the globe revisiting power surfing, the timeless design of Curren’s 1985 Black Beauty has not gone unnoticed. As evident by Connor Coffin’s recent performance at Jeffrey’s Bay this board is the gold standard for those seeking to surf with pure power and style.



CI is proudly offering a newly scaled version of Tom Curren’s Black Beauty based off Conner’s 6’0” he rode in High Line and the same board that landed him on the cover of Surfer Magazine. Order custom built or available at your local dealer.



M13



A best seller for 10 years, this mini-longboard bridges the gap between the more performance oriented M-13 hybrid model and our longboard line. Low entry rocker for trimming and enough tail rocker to stay high performance. Bottom goes from flat entry with concave, to vee out the tail.



Al suggests riding this as a thruster, available from 6’4″ to 8’6″.