3.0 STUB DRIVER

All new, every day, step-down, performance player, developed with Kolohe Andino. The 3.0_STUB is a direct derivative of the long time developed, but recently released, DRIVER3.0.

A board designed with elite level surfers, looking for the  “Ultimate Driving Machine”. Primarily tested in and around the waves of the World Tour (not necessarily the typical 1′-3’ soft slop that most of us suffer through, daily) the DRIVER3.0 still left room at the lower end for higher performance in lesser waves.

Enter the 3.0STUB.  A stepped-down and “stubbed”, low end/high performance, smaller wave-ripping machine.

Unlike the Sub-Drivers (our other step-down performance boards) the 3.0_STUB does not use any vee in the tail. Instead it features a continuous rocker/concave combination. This is the primary difference between the two. While noticeably relaxed from DRIVER3.0 rocker, it is still loose and lively,  quick and easy to release, under the rear foot. Fitting more effortlessly into small pockets or quick dumpy sections that the SubDrivers. Perfect for small beach break.

The similarities in rocker, bottom contours and outline, maintain a closer feel, when switching between the DRIVER3.0 and 3.0STUB. That was the goal and that is the result.

FEATURES: …When compared to the DRIVER3.0

Relaxed entry rocker, with a slightly wider nose area.

Relaxed tail rocker, with a slight hip and wider tail block (but not as wide as the SubDrivers.)

More width overall, with thickness carried further into the nose and under the rear foot.

Deeper single and double concave combination, for more lift, with plenty or rail curve, in lesser surf.

Slightly flatter deck, with soft , forgiving rails.

Working with Kolohe, who after riding DRIVER3.0 in proper surf, wanted to feel like he was riding the same board, out at T-Street, or small Trestles. Riding SubDrivers “felt almost stiff”. He wanted board that required no adjustment to technique and coupld swap seamlessly back and forth with the DRIVER3.0. 

“Why not just make a step-down board off of that?”

Which is exactly what we did. We got them under the feet of our WQS crew: Crosby Cola, Cole Houshmand, Eli Hanniman and Michael Dunphy, who immediately responded with positive feedback and now carry in their small wave, Challenger series, arsenal.

If your passionate about performance surfing, riding performance surfboards…and tend to do so in average to sub-par surf, then the 3.0STUB is for you. Designed to be ridden just 1” shorter than a DRIVER3.0 and our stock dims reflect that. Ex: If you ride a 6’0″ DRIVER3.0, the 5’11″ 3.0STUB, should slide in perfectly.

Together they make for a perfectly paired duo of modern, high performance vehicles.





SUB SCORCHER STING

A…lost classic. The Sub Scorcher is a relaxed rocker, conservatively outlined, higher volumed, easy riding spin on the modern performance shortboard.



A central concave to spiral-vee in the tail, small wave specific design. Under the feet of young teen phenom, Kolohe Andino, the OG Sub Scorcher was a break out hit, during its initial run. It has remained a custom order mainstay, ever since. With its mellow rocker, wide, stable outline, shallow single to double, to vee in the tail, the Sub Scorcher is as easy paddling, easy planing and easy riding as a modern, pointed nose shortboard gets.



We started with our OG Sub Scorcher swallow and introduced the STING.  We added a bit of width through the center, some extra rail rocker and injected the radical, area reducing STING at about 18” (1/4 of the way up) from the tail. The STING is followed by a gradual tail curve, into a 6” wide, shallow swallow.



The extra width in center assures easy entry and quick planing out of the gate. The STING makes a sharp reduction in width and creates an acute angle for jamming quick, radical, controlled turns into tight sections, or out on the waves open face. Generously dimensioned, with plenty of volume,



PUDDLE JUMPER STING



Is it possible to make an all time fave even better? Thats the question…and the challenge. The Puddle Jumper was a genre defining game changer and one of the most popular small wave hybrids of all time. With a plethora of knock-offs and our own growing line up of spin- offs, its evolution and popularity continues. More than a decade in, we still receive custom orders for original Puddle Jumpers, almost daily.



The PUDDLE JUMPER-STING is inspired by our long time Puddle Jumper collaboration with LIB-Tech, which features a winged squash tail version of the original Puddle Jumper.  We wanted to build on this design and take it a step further, incorporating the iconic STING design element. The insertion of the STING came together naturally and with ease. Looking like it always belonged. One of our widest and most stable/playful plan-shapes has now been radicalized with the STING. Placed at 18” (roughly 1/4 up from the tail) it immediately looked like a perfect fit. Enabling a sharper, tighter and more intense turning fulcrum, into this easy riding, playful fun machine. One of the limitations of exceedingly wide hybrids has always been that they are easy to enjoy, but difficult to get truly radical on.

MICKS TAPE SYMM



The “MicksTape-SYM ”: A fully symmetrical version of Stab’s 2022, #ElectricAcidSurfboardTest winning board, as chosen by Mick Fanning. For anyone with apprehension about asymmetrical boards, but still interested in the overall performance of the original #MicksTape. Much of the reason we made the original an Asym, was knowing the “Test” was to be in typically powerful, peak season, Maldivian reef passes. Tasked with designing a sub-5’3” board, for these types of waves, we bet that a bit less surface area on the heel edge would help. It did…But for everyday surf, in non-reef pass power, we feel a spin on standard swallow, would be a simple solution.  Similar to the typical swallow, but with a reverse inner curve, the smooth flow of the “Gull” tail, is reminiscent of the original #MicksTape.



Designed to be effective much shorter than your standard short boards and even fish the smallest performer in your quiver. Choose a length that lines up the kind of width and volume you can be comfortable on and push yourself to fit in new parts of the wave. Just like Mick showed us how.



Essentially the same board, in every way, except the last couple inches of tail outline, the #MicksTape-SYM delivers the same high performance, diminutive package as the asym version, but with an easy to understand tail, for all you traditionalists.

RNF RETRO REVAMP



RNF RETRO – “Revamp’23”



Launched in 2018, The RNF_RETRO was our spin towards a more classic, almost 1970’s inspired, fish.



Generous dims, low rocker, flat deck, steep rails and wide tail, made catching waves and speeding along, easier than any fish we’d ever designed. What set the RNF_RETRO apart from the endless schools of fish, was the use of a snowboard inspired design element, reverse radius side-cut, in the outline.



We first used side-cut, in our “Pelagic” model, a decade or so earlier. Side-cut outlines are nothing new in surfboards, San Diego pioneers like Mirandon and Caster had used them for ages. We feel the sidecut enables a flat rocker’d and generally parallel outlined board, to turn sharper and retain speed in tight radius turns. They “lock in” to the wave face and carve, off the rail, without sliding out or digging.



The RNF_RETRO uses not one, but two side cut radius’.



One between the feet, starting just behind the wide point and another, shorter/tighter one, right under the rear foot, in place of a hip, or wing. We believe this outline lends the RNF_RETRO a truly unique ride in a sea of relentlessly similar “fish”. After five years unchanged, it is still one of our most popular models, especially in areas plagued with small and soft surf.

Heres what we did for the RNF_RETRO-Revamp’23:

Moved the wide point slightly forward, for front foot drive, but gently narrowed/pulled in, the forward 12”of the nose, to get it outta the way, in tighter turning situations.

Deepened the rear side cut, for bite and control, right under the back foot and also added a hint of width to the tail block, for horizontal trim.

Without changing the tip or tail, we adjusted the rocker curves, both fore and aft. The tail rocker hangs lower in the rear third of the board, but then swoops up quickly, though the fins, creating more curve under the rear foot without actually adding rocker. Up front, we did the opposite and took a more direct route to the nose, cutting out some of the curve in the forward 1/3rd of the board. At the same time, we eliminated the slight forward vee.

These rocker adjustments allow for a more modern, dare say, vertical, approach, with a forgiving feel under the back foot, for more precise pocket turns, without catching the nose.

We carried the thickness foil further forward, adding more paddle power, ease of entry into waves and front foot drive, to balance the now more curvaceous tail rocker.

Finally, we deepened the double concave that runs through the back half of the board and the vee thats already in the tail.

These advancements on a proven design have slowly evolved though 5 yrs of production and custom orders, but have never been implemented into our public program….But now they have.

Since most these refinements are subtle and often times even barley seen to the untrained eye, we decided to design a new logo, tints and sprays, to give the RNF_RETRO  a fabulously fresh, full re-vamp and makeover.

The stock dims and volumes are still very close to the original. If you loved a certain size in the past, the new version in the same size will certainly be on a par, dims and volume wise.



CALIFORNIA TWIN PIN



The all new, #California_Pin is a natural extension of the wildly popular #CaliforniaTwin.



A design collaboration between the legendary, 4x World Champion surfer/shaper, Mark Richards and @LostSurfboards, Matt “Mayhem” Biolos. The CaliforniaTwin, with its winged swallow tail, wide forward outline, low entry rocker and deep single to double concave bottom, quickly became a favorite for a wide array of skill level surfers. From up n coming Pros, to aging Bros, it’s been a resounding success, around the world. As time goes on, multiple requests for customizing the design for greater performance and confidence in a wider range of waves, started coming from passionate CaTwin converts.



The #Ca_Pin is the result of those custom orders and requests. A souped up and slightly sleeked out, all-around performance vehicle, with stock dims designed to be ridden 1-2” longer than the original #Ca_Twin.

Not a true step up, but more of a bridge-gap between squatty/speedy fish and a proper performance shortboard, equally at home in punchy, stomach-high shories or running overhead reef passes and point breaks.

To do this, we began with the Ca_Twin and…

Lengthened 1”, subtlety increased nose rocker and gently pulled in the forward 1/3 of the outline.

Added some thickness though the center line, to maintain paddle power , but rolled the deck line, to maintain a modest rail.

Pulled in the “hips” of the outline, between the feet, and changed the tail to its name defining, forgiving, rounded pin.

These changes make for a fast, forgiving and precise board, with a continuous curve outline that expands on the range of functionality of the original. What we did not change, however, was the iconic MR Twin+trailer fin layout, design and positioning, nor the wicked fast and fun, single to double concave bottom curves.



DRIVER 3.0 ROUND



The DRIVER3.0 is the culmination of the last three years of subtle, consistent fine tuning of the Driver2.0, with our elite level team riders. Since the launch of the Driver2.0, in 2019, our team has consistently pushed us to continue evolving, always strive to have an edge, competing against the worlds best surfers. We are motivated by making strides to come out on top. It represents the methodical advancements and evolution of the Driver2.0,  the point where it is no longer even the same model.  Publicly leaked and unveiled (as a squash tail) in the 2022 StabInTheDark, with Jack Robinson, where we just missed a win, ending with a very close runner up. Further refinement and adaptation from the SITD board, though 2022, cemented this design as some thing special. Virtually every top tier surfer we work with was claiming this version as the best board in their quiver. Highlighted by Griffin Colapinto and his two WCT victories of the season, in Portugal and El Salvador. The DRIVER3.0 Rnd is essentially replicated directly from Griffins magic board, during that El Salvador event.  The response and accolades from every gifted surfer in our team (from vets like Kolohe Andino, Yago Dora and Ian Crane to young guns like Eli Hanniman, Crosby Cola and Cole Housmand) has been so resoundingly positive, that we felt it was time to go public and offer this design officially, for late 2022 and beyond.



Simply stated, the DRIVER3.0 features slightly more tail rocker and a deeper double to single concave, through the rear half, than its predecessor, the Driver2.0.  The deck line in the tail is scooped out, with lower, boxy rails, to follow the bottom curve and slice seamlessly into the water. More concave means more lift and more rail line rocker. More lift means more speed. More rail rocker, means more curve, for searing, tight radius turns.  We narrowed the hip, between the feet, adding grip and stability to the outline. The round tail is fairly wide and forgiving under the rear foot, but the last few inches pull in enough to add confidence and hold in hard pushing, Pro level, pocket surfing.



To balance these design elements (added tail rocker, narrower hip, scooped out deck and hyper rail rocker) we have carried a bit more width in the forward outline and volume in the forward foil. This forward volume adds glide and a more responsive drive, off the front foot.  The DRIVER3.0 runs thicker, along the stringer line (for paddle power and drive) but has a higher angle “Vee” deck, which removes volume and ends in a moderate, but round and forgiving, rail.



Overall, the dims and volumes are noticeably a bit more generous. Like everything else in this boards design evolution, it is a reaction to (and response from) our top tier athletes requests. Griffin is riding 5’11 x 28.50 liters. Yago 5’11 and 6’0 x 29.50 liters. Kolohe and Crosby are somewhere in between, riding similar lengths, but at 29.00 liters of volume.



The DRIVER3.0 Rnd is the status quo of high level, Pro-formance surfing, today. Developed with direction, testing and feedback from the many of the best surfers in the USA and around the world, it has been proven on the worlds biggest stage, yet is designed with enough foam and built in speed to be a viable tool in any adepts surfers quiver.

DRIVER 3.0 SQUASH



The DRIVER3.0 is the culmination of the last three years of subtle, consistent fine tuning of the Driver2.0, with our elite level team riders. Since the launch of the Driver2.0, in 2019, our team has consistently pushed us to continue evolving, always strive to have an edge, competing against the worlds best surfers. We are motivated by making strides to come out on top. It represents the methodical advancements and evolution of the Driver2.0,  the point where it is no longer even the same model.  Publicly leaked and unveiled (as a squash tail) in the 2022 StabInTheDark, with Jack Robinson, where we just missed a win, ending with a very close runner up. Further refinement and adaptation from the SITD board, though 2022, cemented this design as some thing special. Virtually every top tier surfer we work with was claiming this version as the best board in their quiver. Highlighted by Griffin Colapinto and his two WCT victories of the season, in Portugal and El Salvador. The DRIVER3.0 Rnd is essentially replicated directly from Griffins magic board, during that El Salvador event.  The response and accolades from every gifted surfer in our team (from vets like Kolohe Andino, Yago Dora and Ian Crane to young guns like Eli Hanniman, Crosby Cola and Cole Housmand) has been so resoundingly positive, that we felt it was time to go public and offer this design officially, for late 2022 and beyond.



Simply stated, the DRIVER3.0 features slightly more tail rocker and a deeper double to single concave, through the rear half, than its predecessor, the Driver2.0.  The deck line in the tail is scooped out, with lower, boxy rails, to follow the bottom curve and slice seamlessly into the water. More concave means more lift and more rail line rocker. More lift means more speed. More rail rocker, means more curve, for searing, tight radius turns.  We narrowed the hip, between the feet, adding grip and stability to the outline. The round tail is fairly wide and forgiving under the rear foot, but the last few inches pull in enough to add confidence and hold in hard pushing, Pro level, pocket surfing.



To balance these design elements (added tail rocker, narrower hip, scooped out deck and hyper rail rocker) we have carried a bit more width in the forward outline and volume in the forward foil. This forward volume adds glide and a more responsive drive, off the front foot.  The DRIVER3.0 runs thicker, along the stringer line (for paddle power and drive) but has a higher angle “Vee” deck, which removes volume and ends in a moderate, but round and forgiving, rail.



Overall, the dims and volumes are noticeably a bit more generous. Like everything else in this boards design evolution, it is a reaction to (and response from) our top tier athletes requests. Griffin is riding 5’11 x 28.50 liters. Yago 5’11 and 6’0 x 29.50 liters. Kolohe and Crosby are somewhere in between, riding similar lengths, but at 29.00 liters of volume.



The DRIVER3.0 Rnd is the status quo of high level, Pro-formance surfing, today. Developed with direction, testing and feedback from the many of the best surfers in the USA and around the world, it has been proven on the worlds biggest stage, yet is designed with enough foam and built in speed to be a viable tool in any adepts surfers quiver.



DRIVER3.0…The Ultimate Driver machine.

DRIVER 3.0 ROUND



The DRIVER3.0 is the culmination of the last three years of subtle, consistent fine tuning of the Driver2.0, with our elite level team riders. Since the launch of the Driver2.0, in 2019, our team has consistently pushed us to continue evolving, always strive to have an edge, competing against the worlds best surfers. We are motivated by making strides to come out on top. It represents the methodical advancements and evolution of the Driver2.0,  the point where it is no longer even the same model.  Publicly leaked and unveiled (as a squash tail) in the 2022 StabInTheDark, with Jack Robinson, where we just missed a win, ending with a very close runner up. Further refinement and adaptation from the SITD board, though 2022, cemented this design as some thing special. Virtually every top tier surfer we work with was claiming this version as the best board in their quiver. Highlighted by Griffin Colapinto and his two WCT victories of the season, in Portugal and El Salvador. The DRIVER3.0 Rnd is essentially replicated directly from Griffins magic board, during that El Salvador event.  The response and accolades from every gifted surfer in our team (from vets like Kolohe Andino, Yago Dora and Ian Crane to young guns like Eli Hanniman, Crosby Cola and Cole Housmand) has been so resoundingly positive, that we felt it was time to go public and offer this design officially, for late 2022 and beyond.



Simply stated, the DRIVER3.0 features slightly more tail rocker and a deeper double to single concave, through the rear half, than its predecessor, the Driver2.0.  The deck line in the tail is scooped out, with lower, boxy rails, to follow the bottom curve and slice seamlessly into the water. More concave means more lift and more rail line rocker. More lift means more speed. More rail rocker, means more curve, for searing, tight radius turns.  We narrowed the hip, between the feet, adding grip and stability to the outline. The round tail is fairly wide and forgiving under the rear foot, but the last few inches pull in enough to add confidence and hold in hard pushing, Pro level, pocket surfing.



To balance these design elements (added tail rocker, narrower hip, scooped out deck and hyper rail rocker) we have carried a bit more width in the forward outline and volume in the forward foil. This forward volume adds glide and a more responsive drive, off the front foot.  The DRIVER3.0 runs thicker, along the stringer line (for paddle power and drive) but has a higher angle “Vee” deck, which removes volume and ends in a moderate, but round and forgiving, rail.



Overall, the dims and volumes are noticeably a bit more generous. Like everything else in this boards design evolution, it is a reaction to (and response from) our top tier athletes requests. Griffin is riding 5’11 x 28.50 liters. Yago 5’11 and 6’0 x 29.50 liters. Kolohe and Crosby are somewhere in between, riding similar lengths, but at 29.00 liters of volume.



The DRIVER3.0 Rnd is the status quo of high level, Pro-formance surfing, today. Developed with direction, testing and feedback from the many of the best surfers in the USA and around the world, it has been proven on the worlds biggest stage, yet is designed with enough foam and built in speed to be a viable tool in any adepts surfers quiver.



DRIVER3.0…The Ultimate Driver machine.

“STAB IN THE DARK” DRIVER 2.0



SUB DRIVER 2.0

Our best small wave, performance shortboard just got better!



Since its inception, each version of the SUB DRIVER has remained our most successful, small wave competition surfboard. From Kolohe Andino’s 2011 run of 5 WQS event wins (WCT qualification) to Mick Fanning taking notice and famously grabbing one of Kolohe’s discarded SUB DRIVERS, blazing through heats at The Lowers Pro and subsequently claiming the board had “Completely changed his perception of what a competition board can be”.  The SUB DRIVER has remained a mainstay of our competitive team rider’s quivers.  Year after year, competitors around the world request the SUB DRIVER as a special weapon for the varied and unpredictable WQS surf, yet just about anyone with even modest skills can ride this board as a daily driver.



The SUB DRIVER 2.0 is the latest iteration in the continuing evolution of our most user friendly, pro-formance shortboard. Developed in the soft peeling points of San Clemente, it loves small to average surf and really does well in connecting the dots in mushy points, or weak, broken up beach breaks. A surfboard developed for competitors in sub-par surf, that actually transitions perfectly to everyday surfers.



The SUB DRIVER 2.0 was derived to benefit the Pros, yet it really is perfect for most “Bros”.



Reflecting the small wave demands from Kolohe Andino, Griffin Colapinto and our up and coming team of Jr Pros and WQS Warriors, constant evolution and noticeable updates have brought us to the point where we are now proud to launch the SUB DRIVER 2.0.



Featured updates and adjustments include…



An even wider, more forgiving, nose:  Designed to increase forward drive for us mortals and lend more stability for hot shots landing radical airs.  The wider nose creates a straighter forward outline which paddles into waves easier and subsequently builds forward momentum faster in sub-par surf.

Smoothed out and re-imagined the wide hip in the tail:  Primarily to balance the wider forward outline, it allows more control at speed and a more effortless initiation of bottom turns and cutbacks.  The hip is still noticeable and then angles into the wide squash tail.  The wide tail creates a stable platform, especially in small waves.  The hip breaks the rail line and creates a pivot point to crank tight, powerful turns in lesser surf.  Making it easier for us to ride a performance shape even in poor surf.

Added thickness along the center (stringer line) with increased “vee” deck and more refined rails:  Lowered rail volume (without lowering overall volume) to encourage radical rail turns and make a more nimble, reactive board that still floats through flats, and surfs forgiving.  The thicker centerline under chest aids paddling and makes for more drive off the front foot gas pedal.

A deeper concave in the rear third of the board:  The rail rocker transitions from a modest forward concave, to a deeper, more-curvy, rail line through the front fins.  It then accelerates upward to a slight vee behind the rear fin and out the tail.  There is a good amount of double concave through the tail, adding lift and helping the water squirt through and release.

The SUB DRIVER 2.0’s curvy, hyper extended, rail rocker creates a hinge under the rear foot and counterbalances the low, flat centerline tail rocker, enabling it to be surfed tight and vertical in the pocket, as well as the already speedy down the line drive.

SUB DRIVER SWALLOW



The SUB DRIVER SWALLOW is the latest in the continuing evolution of our most user friendly  “Pro_Formance” series surfboard.  A surfboard developed for



competition that actually transitions perfectly to every day surfers as well. It’s our most consistently successful “WQS”  and amateur competition board. Year after year, competitors around the world request Sub Drivers as a special weapon for the varied and unpredictable surf of the World Qualifying Series, yet just about anyone with even the most modest of skills can still ride this board as a daily driver.



Over the course of 2018, we found repeated team success with a new “Hip



Swallow” tail, and are now offering them for 2019.  Somewhat radical in its design, its most prominent features being the slightly wider than average nose, a noticeably wide hip and tail block and noticeable spiral vee behind the rear fin. The full nose provides stability for landing airs. The wide hip, and tail lock creates a sort of parallel outline for drive. The Swallow tail reduces surface area, adding grip and bite to the wide tail.  It works well with hyper extended rail rocker and spiral vee, to allow the SUB DRIVER to be surfed more tight in the pocket, than the traditional squash tail.



The wide nose and tail make for a stable platform in small waves and at low speeds. Combined with low overall rocker and full rails, the board can be ridden pretty short. The Sub Driver not only benefits Pros, it really is perfect for most “Bros”.



The SUB DRIVER loves small to moderate surf. It’s stable, with plenty of built in drive,  and easy to catch waves and generate speed on.

POCKET ROCKET SQUASH



UPDATED FOR 2018: The 2018 PocketRocket now features refinements and improvements  based off of continued positive feedback from the PocketRockets used by Griffin Cola, Yago Dora and Joan Duru.  Updates include a slightly wider/more forgiving forward outline, a more relaxed central rocker, defined edge and square rail in the tail, refined concave and bottom curves, as well as  slight adjustments to the size scaling. The “ Bro” sizes really benefit from the updates ( making a more user friendly contemporary HP-Shortboard ) and also feature a lower, blended rail, without reducing overall volume.

The Pocket Rocket was first developed for Kolohe Andino, for the varied beach breaks of Europe, in 2015. After years of mostly riding only Drivers and Sub Drivers, he requested a board with a new rocker that “fits more in the pocket, and lets me push hard, but still fast in the flats”. Quite a challenge. We made a few and I scribbled “PocketRocket” on them. Out of the gate he netted a QF finish (Azores) and a Win (Cascias) in back to back 10k WQS events. He then went on to solid runs in the France and Portugal WCT events. It’s built around a smooth, continuous rocker, to fit in the “pocket”, with enough concave cutting through it to “rocket” down the line and across flats. With plenty of tail curve, the “Pocket Rocket” turns tight and whippy off the tail, but with a relaxed enough curve forward to still project and connect. The Pocket Rocket was quickly adopted under the feet of most of our team and various traveling Pros. It also became popular with the Bros, when we introduced the “EDD” (Every Day Dims) for average surfers wanting to ride HP designs. In 2016, Joan Duru rode a quiver of Pocket Rockets to qualification on the WCT. Young phenom, Yago Dora, has been on a tear this year…winning the Newcastle Pro and famously taking down 3 World Champs en route to a semi final finish in The Oi Rio Pro, as a wildcard, on a board quiver of round tail Pocket Rockets. Almost our entire team, from the legendary Taj Burrow to San Clemente’s exciting and explosive Griffin Colapinto, regularly ride Pocket Rockets since its inception just two years ago. Most of Mason Ho’s magicaL Indonesian and Hawaiian antics have been performed on board a Pocket Rocket. Living Icon, Bruce Irons and future Icon, Jack Robinson are also Pocket Rocket riders. The Pocket Rocket has essentially become our status quo High performance…or should I say “Pro-formance” shortboard. Available stock in Kolohe style squash (easier in softer surf or for lead footed surfers) or Yago’s favorite round tail (great in more powerful surf, or for a more finesse based surfer).

POCKET ROCKET ROUND

PDATED FOR 2018: The 2018 PocketRocket now features refinements and improvements  based off of continued positive feedback from the PocketRockets used by Griffin Cola, Yago Dora and Joan Duru.  Updates include a slightly wider/more forgiving forward outline, a more relaxed central rocker, defined edge and square rail in the tail, refined concave and bottom curves, as well as  slight adjustments to the size scaling. The “ Bro” sizes really benefit from the updates ( making a more user friendly contemporary HP-Shortboard ) and also feature a lower, blended rail, without reducing overall volume.



The Pocket Rocket was first developed for Kolohe Andino, for the varied beach breaks of Europe, in 2015. After years of mostly riding only Drivers and Sub Drivers, he requested a board with a new rocker that “fits more in the pocket, and lets me push hard, but still fast in the flats”. Quite a challenge. We made a few and I scribbled “PocketRocket” on them. Out of the gate he netted a QF finish (Azores) and a Win (Cascias) in back to back 10k WQS events. He then went on to solid runs in the France and Portugal WCT events. It’s built around a smooth, continuous rocker, to fit in the “pocket”, with enough concave cutting through it to “rocket” down the line and across flats.  With plenty of tail curve, the “Pocket Rocket” turns tight and whippy off the tail, but with a relaxed enough curve forward to still project and connect. The Pocket Rocket was quickly adopted under the feet of most of our team and various traveling Pros.  It also became popular with the Bros, when we introduced the “EDD” (Every Day Dims) for average surfers wanting to ride HP designs.  In 2016, Joan Duru rode a quiver of Pocket Rockets to qualification on the WCT.  Young phenom, Yago Dora, has been on a tear this year…winning the Newcastle Pro and famously taking down 3 World Champs en route to a semi final finish in The Oi Rio Pro, as a wildcard, on a board quiver of round tail Pocket Rockets.  Almost our entire team, from the legendary Taj Burrow to San Clemente’s exciting and explosive Griffin Colapinto, regularly ride Pocket Rockets since its inception just two years ago.  Most of Mason Ho’s magicaL Indonesian and Hawaiian antics have been performed on board a Pocket Rocket. Living Icon, Bruce Irons and future Icon, Jack Robinson are also Pocket Rocket riders. The Pocket Rocket has essentially become our status quo High performance…or should I say “Pro-formance” shortboard. Available stock in Kolohe style squash (easier in softer surf or for lead footed surfers) or Yago’s favorite round tail (great in more powerful surf, or for a more finesse based surfer).

UBER DRIVER



“Uber” means excessive, beyond, and above all. The new Uber Driver is just that. Excessive fun, beyond expectations and above all – a great everyday surfboard. It’s designed to further blend the barriers between hybrids and Pro-Formance surfboards.



The Uber Driver features the outline and rocker/concaves from the back half (engine room/control center) of the DRIVERS currently ridden in smaller waves on tour by Kolohe Andino and Griffin Colapinto. It is then blended to a lower, wider, faster, more forgiving and playful nose. The tail features a low centerline rocker with a curvy rail line rocker under the rear foot, that transitions from a generous single/double concave through the front fins, to a noticeable vee behind the rear fin and out the tail. The nose rocker and forward outline was imported from our Rocket series outlines, and allows this board to be ridden shorter, with more speed out the gate and more drive and stability for everyday surfers. The outline and rocker are blended in a way that enables the board to still be surfed like a modern Pro-formance shortboard. It just feels like you’e cheating a little. The Uber-Driver is the Ripper’s Pro-formance hybrid. Uber-ripping fun for everyone.



UPDATED OCTOBER 2018



Based off of Team rider and overall feedback we fine tuned, updated and evolved the UBER DRIVER over the course of  2018. The general consensus being that the UD needed a decent wave to come to life. Almost like HPSB, but the team wanted a small wave speed machine. A Toy, for going mad in less than stellar surf. Blowing off steam. The Team spoke, and we listened.  The results have netted a flatter, fatter, faster, funner small wave flying machine. Mason Ho and  Ian Crane both rode The updated UBER DRIVER-19 to the final of The “STAB HIGH” Wave Pool event. Michael Rodrigues and Yago Dora are both calling the New UBER DRIVER their all time favorite alternative shape. Wider nose and tail, with a slightly lower overall rocker, and with more emphasis on small sub par surf.  This being when our team, and most who ride “Pro_Formance” style boards, would actually want to use the UBER DRIVER. The dims are similar, but due to  changes in the shape, the volumes have increased. Check out the revised stock dims above. For those who have, or are interested in, an original UBER DRIVER, or want to replicate or update one,  the original dims are still listed in the tab below. This board can be custom ordered any time. Just make sure your state “UBER DRIVER-2018 Original”.

UBER XL



For the guy who knows how to surf, prefers a modern Pro-Formance rocker, but needs a bit of help in the crowded line ups and sloppy surf.  Flatter, faster (slightly fatter) and funner.  You won’t have a bummer…Winter, Spring, Fall or Summer.



By popular demand!  When developing the UBER DRIVER, we overlooked the “Domesticated and distinguished Gentlemen”…aka bigger boys…My bad!  Not anymore.  The UBER-XL is just as the name says:  A scaled up version of the recently re-vamped UBER DRIVER-19.  The UBER DRIVER-XL is designed for bigger or Domesticated surfers, as well as intermediate surfers looking for a stepping stone to a more performance type of surfboard.  The rocker, outline and bottom curves are performance minded, and directly off the standard UBER DRIVER (which in turn came from the Sub-Driver).  We then enlarged the dimensions and carried the thickness flow forward.  The deck has been adjusted to a flatter, more stable platform, with a low apex tapered rail, that hides the volume, and still permeates the water in turns.  For the guy who knows how to surf, prefers a modern Pro-Formance rocker, but needs a bit of help in the crowded line ups and sloppy surf.  Flatter, faster (slightly fatter) and funner.



You won’t have a bummer… Winter, Spring, Fall or Summer.

SABO TAJ



The “Sabo_TAJ”  is the result of ongoing design development between Taj Burrow and Matt Biolos.



Meant to perform in the widest range of conditions by minimalistic means, and essentially provide Taj a one board weapon for his last minute, whirlwind travels …where theres no time, space or desire to pack a proper quiver. The Sabo_Taj is equally at home in 2′ shore break as 8′ Indo, and everything in between. We began with the …Lost Rock-Up chassis, and made refinements and tweaks (based off TBs input and feedback over several boards) until it became its own entity altogether.  From the Rock-Up, to Round Up, to the Mini Driver, and more than 10 years of developing shorter, wide nose, low entry “quiver killing” travel boards, we feel like this is the best one yet. The Sabo_TAJ features a modest, overall rocker that is “shifted back”, so that the entry is low, fast and drivey. The tail rocker has the curve and release of a high performance step up for tight radius whip and control. The rail line creates a shallow concave under and between feet to add lift and freedom, but zeros out in the nose and tail, to keep things catch free, forgiving, settled and precise. Theres a slight double concave cutting through the tail rocker which adds lift and speed in smaller waves, as well as drive in larger ones.



The outline, with its noticeably wider than average nose (and a pulled in round tail) is semi elliptical and continuously curving, lending a feeling of catch free ease. Combined with the low entry rocker,this outline enables the board to be ridden quite short. The tail is pulled in “late”, but still features enough surface area in the fin area, under the rear foot, to be surfed fast and radical in every day waves, while the narrow tail tip holds in solid surf and tube riding, when asked.  Powerful Indo reef waves, punchy beach breaks, compact slabs, lined up points or even soft lumpy rollers, the Sabo_TAJ provides effective consistency, with the ability to be pushed to reckless and radical Taj Burrow levels, in nearly all conditions. Taj rides it 1″ shorter, but a touch wider, than his typical #Pro_formance short board, but depending on your preferred use, it can be ridden even a bit shorter (or much longer) for various, and equally effective degrees of diversity and fun.

LITTLE WING



“A short and sweet, psychedelic treat, from the mad (and sometimes masochistic) mind of Mason Ho. LITTLE WING is a playful performance shortboard, focused on fun, every day, small to mid-sized surf.” Derived from one of our classic small wave boards, The Baby Buggy, LITTLE WING is a Mason tinged, direct descendant to that one time wildly popular board.



Designed and developed at his Psychedelic Majesties request, we started with one of Masons favorite, 5’6” Baby Buggy’s and built out from that chassis, retaining much of the elements that brought its small wave liveliness and re-worked it into something new and magical.Something to be experienced…



The LITTLE WING experience features:

A short n wide outline, with plenty of speed generating and lift producing surface area, packed into a small but potent package.

 A full, forgiving nose and noticeable “hip” in the waist of the tail, which is wide and curvy at the front fins, but pulled in a bit, behind the rear fin, adding more precision cornering than the old Baby Buggy.

Low, speedy entry rocker, for fast, out of the gate, down the line speed. Relaxed curve through the center and a more than a fair bit of tail lift, for quick release snappiness too.

Soft, round, forgiving, “bally” rails, up front and through the center, tapering into fast, hard edges and a thin boxy tail.

An almost “exaggeratingly” deep concave through the center of the board and an even more pronounced double concave though the fins. The deepest overall concave in our line of performance boards. The concaves create lift and pop, bringing sub-par and soft, playful surf to life, to radically elevate your small wave experience.

Increased thickness through the centerline, carried forward into the nose, for drive and paddle- ability, with a moderately rolled deck, making for lower volume, soft, forgiving rails, designed for knifing in and carving 3D through the surface of the water.

Featuring a slight double concave deck, in the tail, for Mason’s abhorrence of stick-on tail grips. The double concave deck gives added grip and a nice “broken in” feeling, right off the bat. Most people will still put a grip on, so we recommend one without an arch.

Graphically, we abide by Mason’s vibe, as the freewheeling Voodoo Chile’ of surfing and we have packaged LITTLE WING up as an “Excuse me while I kiss the sky” psychedelic trip.

Walking through the clouds, riding with the wind…Fly on LITTLE WING.

EL PATROŃ



“El Patron’ is essentially my personal surfboard.  A contemporary, performance short board scaled up and refined to be ridden, and properly perform, with generous dims and higher volume”.



It’s easy to inflate any model to larger dims, but another thing altogether, for it to remain nimble, responsive and forgiving.  For me, this board does just that.  Like so many of us, I’ve long since felt relegated to riding Hybrids, or Fishy, wide nose, lower rockered boards.  Crowds, getting older, a little too much good living (along with a few too many extra lbs.) as well as the fact that I never was a Pro, or a hot shot surfer, have combined to make it difficult to continue riding modern Pro-formance-shortboard designs.  With the El Patron’, I feel I can once again enjoy riding this type of board.



El Patron’ allows me to confidently navigate a crowded line up and surf at the best of my personal ability.



El Patron’ is primarily based off of a couple higher volume (wider/thicker) quivers built for Kolohe Andino, where he demanded they “still carve and turn like a thinner board”. Featuring a very conservative, low entry rocker and generous, accelerated tail rocker, but blended with a no concave nose area to the shallowest of a single concave, fading to a slight vee through the fins, and back to flat out the tail.  This bottom contour allows effortless drive, and glide, while importantly negating the high volume, and lets the rail easily engage and roll into the water.  3D surfing on a thick, wide board. Less concave/More volume: This is the “magic” of El Patron’.  Because El Patron’ is designed thick, we employ another trick…a 1/3 thinner stringer!  By using a 2ply stringer, instead of 3ply, we retain similar flex patterns of a thinner board. This keeps El Patron’ feeling flexy and forgiving, rather than being a big stiff plank…and breakage is not much of an issue with a board up and over 2.75″ thick.



Other details include:



Heavily blended rails, that belie the overall thickness, and feel really good in your hands, and in the water.

Thin, boxy rails from the fins back through the tail, allowing control and feeling loose.

Forward thickness flow, for drive and extreme paddle-ability.



STEP DRIVER



Developed specifically with our elite team, the STEP-DRIVER is a board that all our top- level

surfers have been riding in comps, while traveling, or surfing solid waves at home, for the last couple of years. Simply put, the STEP-DRIVER is a high-performance step-up, directly evolved from the Driver 2.0.



Designed for the highest level of performance surfing, in the type of real waves, where critical maneuvers and tube riding meet. Meant to be ridden 1-2” (or more, if customized) longer, similar width and a bit thicker, than a Driver 2.0 or similar HP shortboard, the STEP-DRIVER rides like a seamless transition from your everyday board, without sacrificing performance for control.



Tested and proven in powerful surf around the world, by WCT surfers such as Olympians, Kolohe Andino, Carissa Moore and Caroline Marks, as well as Griffin Colapinto, Yago Dora and free surfers like Mason Ho and Ian Crane and up-n-comers like Crosby Colapinto and Eli Hanniman. It’s a one stop shop, for the needs of our entire team.



The STEP-DRIVER allows surfers to ride larger, more powerful and more challenging waves, as if they were head high and playful, on a board that is usually only 1-2” longer than their everyday board. Anyone with a Driver 2.0 in their quiver (or similar high-performance shortboard), who is looking for that perfect board to transition to when the waves get special (or if you’re lucky to live somewhere like Hawaii or Indo, where these waves are the norm) will be pleased to have the STEP-DRIVER in their arsenal.

GROM DRIVER



The DRIVER 2.0 Grom is exactly as the name implies. Our flagship Pro-formance shortboard, proportionately down sized, for little shredders on the rise. Retaining all the performance characteristics of the full size DRIVER 2.0, but reduced to sizes 5’5” and under.



We’ve worked closely with a crew of young international surfers, to fine tune this fabulous little rip stick. Starting with years of development, working with Eli Hanniman and Winter Vincent, then onto the likes Erin Brooks, Cannon Carr, Sawyer Linblad, Rex Hennings, AllDayDylan, Rajo Barrel, Kai and Hans Odriozola, Luke and Alana Lopez, Kaia Howard, Rico Haybittle and more.



Not to say that the DRIVER2.0 Grom is only for top level shred heads. Groms wanna rip! …and this is the stick!



We offer two separate size scales:



“GromPro” dims: Based closely off sizing and volume of high level, accomplished, competitive kids, whose ability equates minimalist foam to body weight ratio, allowing them to push their surfing to elite levels.

“Developing” dims: For kids who aren’t completely ripping, but ride are riding performance boards and developing the skills to grow into solid surfers. These boards have more generous width, thickness and overall volume. They feature more foam up front, for easier paddling, forgiveness in ma- neuvers and generating speed. Working with my son, River, we sneakily and smoothly blend the deck and rail volume to “hide” the extra foam and retain the sensitivity and respon- siveness of narrower, thinner boards

UBER GROM



The #UBER_Grom retains all the easy riding, easy paddling performance that made the UberDiver and UberXL so popular for grown ups and scales it is a down for kids. Why let the adults have all the easy riding fun?!



With developing young surfers in mind (not coached up, high level contest rippers) I went work with my son, River, a moderately skilled 10 y/o, to make every day waves and crowded conditions a bit more fun and inviting and allow natural progression to evolve. The wider plan shape, low entry rocker and fuller volume, make for a more forgiving board to build skills on. To maintain performance and control, we added an aggressive kick in the tail and a pronounced bump/wing in the outline. These elements combine to create a more open “Sweet spot” where kids can stand and still crank proper turns.



The #UBER_Grom is Uber fun for kids transitioning from soft tops or oversized every level boards, but still struggling to consistently control and perform on a full HP Shortboard. It’s also become a very functional “grovel” board for some of our elite level kids. In areas plagued with consistently minuscule waves, the UberGrom is better choice for even higher level rippers. Meant to be ridden at the kids same hight, for modest skill level, gradually becoming shorter as the groms skills and hight grows. River started on a 4’9”, when he stood 4’9” and now at almost 4’11” tall ( with increased skills) still loves the same 4’9”.

RNF 96



The RNF-’96… Having shaped multiple variations of “fish” from fall 1994 – 1995, we had created a bit of momentum with the designs. Leading into Winter ’95/’96, we had refined a basic design where we were able fine tune, replicate and re-size the original RNF (by hand) with some consistency. We continued to build small quivers for both Chris Ward and Cory Lopez and sent them everywhere, with Cory taking various versions to each stop on WQS tour.



These 1996 Fish were all hand shaped and not the most consistent creations, but they became the basis and the building blocks towards offering the design to people outside our own circle of friends. They were the boards that teenaged Chris n Cory took to the North Shore and essentially made their indelible mark on the surfing universe.



The RNF-’96 is based with reverence, but not 100% compliance, to original “fish” we developed for Chris and Cory in the year leading up to the 1997 seminal surf film 5’5” x 19 1/4”. While very few specimens from this era still exist (at least in our possession) and most that do are very thin and imperfect relics of Cory’s boards (we can’t find any of Chris’ from the era, at all) some of the re-creation and execution comes down to doing what looks and feels right …and what will work best.



I still have the remains of a 5’10 x 20” x 2-5/8” personal craft. A board I carried to Durban SA, in July of ’96. This was a liberating, small wave life changing board in my path, not only as a designer, but as a surfer who struggled with the status quo boards of the mid 90’s. This board allowed me to surf very small, rip-able waves in and around the Durban Piers for a couple weeks that year. I’d never before had so many people (including other shapers) ask me “what are you riding?” and knew then we were on to something more than just frivolous fish fun. These designs were something the entire surfing world could grab on to and enjoy.

I’ve always felt the key difference between our RNF and the majority of others, from the 90’s and beyond, is the fact that our outline was always more based off of MR inspired, high performance, competitive minded, twin fins of the late 70’s/early 80’s. Relatively pulled in tails, developed through trial and error, for maximum performance and control…not just in small surf, but in all size and shape of waves.



Plainly put, most fishes since this time were predominately influenced by kneeboards. Inspired from early 70’s style, Lis inspired, wide tail, parallel outline kneeboards that transitioned well to stand up surfing in small waves, but have battled to come near peak performance of modern shortboards ever since. Our fish was always about performance, not just a crutch to go fast on in small surf.



For the sake of better surfboards, we’ve taken a touch of liberty. Based off the past 25 years of board building, we tried to create a consistent (and dare say better) surfboard, faithfully based off, but not necessarily exacting to the varied RNF of 1996. With diligent testing being done by many of our top team, including Kolohe, Coco, Ian Crane, Crosby Cola and other “guests” (and even pedestrian testing by myself) in the last few months of 2020, we are very confident that the RNF-’96 will perform at and above expectations, as an all-around, rip-able fun machine, for a wide level of surfers.



FEATURES



Rocker curves: Remain engrained to the original proven curves.

Outline curves: Both nose and tail were usually the same width at 12” and remain true, but with more precision, including added curve and width around 6” from the tail. One “secret” about the original’s success was that, unlike most all other “fish” the tail width on ours was closer to that of a typical HP Shortboard. This allows much more control off the tail than typical fish designs.

Bottom Contours: The classic single concave to double concave, accelerating vee combination are defining design elements and hold true to adherence.

The Thickness Flow, Deckline, Rails, and Tail Foil: They were all over the map in those rudimentary hand shape days. Each board was different, with most of them having noticeably different curves and thickness from one rail to the other.

In re-creating these boards, which one is correct? In the end, I went with gut feeling on what would work best.



HYDRA



“The HYDRA is a mythical, multi headed monster from the sea.  It can lay waste to anything in its way… even crappy surf”.

 



The HYDRA is a minuscule wave monster, melding more than 25 years of developing small wave fish and mini wave hybrids.



It implements proven design details from a myriad of models like the Puddle Jumper, Bottom Feeder, Pelagic, and most recently the RNF-Retro.  Built around an overall low rocker paired to an almost traditional “fish” outline, this little sea monster is a mini-wave weapon.



It features multiple magic making design elements which bring The HYDRA to life.



On the outline, we’ve continued with the snowboard influenced “Pelagic” side cut outline.

From our original Pelagic, to the RNF-Retro and on to the new SWORD-FISH, every board featuring this outline has worked above expectations.  It noticeably locks into the wave during carves and shortens the radius of turns while both gaining speed and maintaining control.



The bottom contours feature a double concave (sitting in a single concave), with noticeable chined releases towards the rail.  A design featured in our classic Bottom Feeder model.  The triple concave allows the use of more curve through the rocker (which makes proper turning and vertical surfing a lot easier) by cutting through and adding lift and speed.  With very wide boards, single concave bottoms easily get sticky and stay flat on the face, the chined perimeter towards the rails, add release and frees up the board from rail to rail.  Making 3D rail surfing more possible, as opposed to simply skating fast on the surface, like so many traditional fish.

The tail is a split diamond, which melds the characteristics of both swallow and diamond tails.

The notched-out center line shortens the stringer and reduces surface area behind the rear foot, to add bite and control to a wide tail.

The double diamond tail shortens the rail line making quick and radical, power retaining turns much more manageable.

I dare say this is a more effective and advanced tail design than a typical fish or swallow in allowing radical surfing with very wide tails.



The HYDRA uses a flat-ish deck, with full and forgiving rails.  Flat decks can remain thinner and still retain volume and are more flexible (even if thick) than vee or dome decks.  Flex is good in low rocker boards, keeping them pliable and forgiving.

CALIFORNIA TWIN



MARK RICHARDS & MATT BIOLOS come together to bring you a modern Twin Fin + Trailer “Fish” with some unique tweaks to create a modern MR.  MR’s classic lines, speed, and precision turns- with Mayhem’s small wave performance prowess.



A Modern, single to double concave, twin + trailer “Fish”, based off MR’s most popular modern shortboard…The SuperTwin. Mark allowed me the honor of tweaking his iconic #SuperTwin model to create a modern, user friendly, small wave weapon. We dramatically lowered the entry rocker, widened the nose and tail block, and added a couple inches of width to the overall outline, giving gobs of glide in gutless surf.  We flattened the deck for stability, but retained MR’s classic speedy, down soft rails and his modern performance tail rocker…Ensuring it still turns proper and precise. Flat where it needs to be, but still curvy in the right spots, and skates along but still turns in tight spots. This is a Fish that you can grovel the small stuff, but still really rip on.  Pictured with hand airbrushed rails from @artbyryder, reflecting Mark’s classic color scheme, with a youthful flair.

RNF REDUX



With recent resurgence and popularity of all things “TwinFin” and to commemorate the upcoming 20 year anniversary of the landmark video “5’5″ X 19 1/4” ( Starring Chris Ward and Cory Lopez, and filmed primarily in 1995-1996 and released in 1997 ) it seemed a fitting time to re-vamp our  RNF-Classic, and add a little twist.



We recently started re-imagining and tweaking the RNF Classic and combining it with the post 2000 RNF-Quint. The original 1994-1997 RNF featured a narrow tail and nose template, which was responsive and playful in the pocket, encouraging tight radius carving. Its performance “magic” simply based on the tail being similar in width to the high performance modern shortboards of the time. The outline, and more width than most were willing to ride in that era, balanced with its short length and flat-ish rocker made for a thing truly unique ride. The majority were wingless in the tail, but we did make some for Cory that had a single fluted wing,  like the one he rode on his first trip to Raglan, NZ. The post 2000, “RNF Quint” reflected a time of widening tails, the quad fin revolution, and a lot more glide built into surfboards. It featured an much wider swallow, a full nose, thicker foils, and an MR influenced deep, fluted wing. The swallow tail was wide, stable and fast, especially in small surf. It was more of a “Domesticated” board and didn’t have the same high end performance feel of the original, but made for a great groveler that most anyone could enjoy. 



For the RNF-REDUX, we set about blending the best of both boards. Keeping the pulled in performance and easy going drive of the the Classic, with glide and versatility of the RNF-Qunit, we created a high performance hybrid that paddles well and glides across flat faced, sloppy, small junk surf, as well as perform radical, on rail, precise high speed surfing in real waves. The rocker, bottom contours and forward outline are based off of the Classic. The tail outline is a hybrid of both. An MR influenced, fluted wing, transitions into a narrower swallow. The deep wing and pulled in tail reduce surface area and supply that precise tack sharp feeling when turning in the pocket. The added area in front of the wing, makes a more parallel outline between the feet , providing planing, drive and glide.



Like all versions of the RNF, the REDUX features a very low overall centerline rocker, with modest single concave under the front foot, to keep the board planing at low speeds. The concave gradually reduces to flat up in the nose, allowing forgiving entry into waves and in and out of turns. The vee in the tail enables the board to retain its very low stringer-line rocker, while still being easy to turn, and gives the board so much control. The radical change from concave in the center, to vee in the tail creates an aggressive rail rocker that engages when the board is rolled onto an rail. It then feels like a board with much more overall rocker. Thus allowing tight radius turns on the face, and in the lip.



For fins, we went back to the Classic TwinFin influenced placement on the front fins. They are marked with 5″ bases, and set back slightly as we did with all the fixed fin twins in the ’90s. Built standard with 5 fin boxes, The board is first and foremost designed to be ridden with large Twin fins up front, but along with a myriad of other options.



It can be ridden as a Twin/Quad, using large twins up front and 2 small side bite trailer fins behind. Another option is the MR style, 2+1, using large twins in front and one small stabilizer on the rear center. That, or rock it as a pure twin and feel the fast, low friction, freedom. If none of these float your fancy, theres always the standard quad, split keel quads or even thruster set ups to fit the time, place and person on board. Mix n match, have fun and enjoy.



-Matt Biolos

PUDDLE FISH



The PuddleFish is an extreme little speed machine. A fast and fishy spin on the ever popular Puddle Jumper. Distinctly shaped with an inverted swallow, set inside a wide square tail, and a speed bleeding, afterburner, release channel exiting the tail.



Designed for unadulterated lateral speed in small surf, the PuddleFish sprung forth from an extended flat spell this past summer, and the need for some thing fresh to inspire me to get out there regardless.



Beginning with the Puddle Jumper, and retaining its performance defining rocker and spiral vee under the rear foot, I pushed the wide point slightly forward, widened and squared off the tail block and really pulled in/straightened out the hip area of the outline, between the feet. These changes, combined with reducing the depth of the concave through the center of the board (which straightens and flattens the rail rocker under the front foot) all work together to build a more linear speed down the line, across flats and though slop. The inverted swallow, and angular corners of the square tail, reduces surface area behind the rear foot, adding bite and control without sacrificing the extreme drive generated by the straight tail outline and rail rocker. The entire design is wrapped up with the (optional) speed bleeding, “afterburner”,  release channel, which sits inside the double concave vee panels and is toed in slightly, to run parallel with the rear quad fin placement. The channel then exits  at the apex of the inverted swallow. My goal was to design a board that matches the flat line speed of any alternative “fish” design, without the cumbersome, drifty feeling most of these boards possess, and allow full force, small wave, rail surfing with confidence.

RNF RETRO



The RNF Retro is our latest spin on the always evolving #RoundNoseFish. It features noticeable elements from the purist (mostly San Diego influenced) evolution of wide, split tailed “Fish”, and smashes them together with much of what we have learned in nearly 25 years of shaping and riding the RNF. First off, the tail is wide for that effortless glide and retro vibe. Coming in at over 10” from tip to tip, and 4” deep, it’s the deepest and widest split tail we’ve released. The board prominently features a snowboard-esque, double side cut outline. Strongly influenced by years of snowboarding, and then seeing the boards of underground SD shapers like Mirandon and Caster, we first developed and released our double side cut on the “Pelagic” model, in the late 2000’s. Like with a snowboard, the sidecut “grips” the riding surface and allows for more radical, tighter radius direction changes on wider, otherwise di cult to turn sharply, outlines and at rockers. The sidecut hooks into the wave face and turns surprisingly sharp, without the usual drift or skip or slip, associated with common wide tail sh shapes. Staying with the shy retro vibe, the #RNF_Retro features a very at deck with a de ned, steeply angled rail, but tucked under soft into the bottom. The at deck allows the board to be ridden thinner, which enables more ex. Thin at decks maintain more scoop in the deck rocker, which when surfed with the rail buried perpendicular into the surface, helps low rocker boards turn in tighter arcs, rather than tracking or flattening out. All these elements are built around our time tested and proven RNF rocker bottom curves. The RNF Retro is at up front with the slightest of single concave through the center, and a spiral vee from the fins back. This equates to a fast, yet precise and comfortable, familiar ride, without sacrificing glide. Keels are fast and fun, but split keels perform better. The RNF Retro is designed to be ridden with split keels, or a Twin + two (small trailers) quad setup. There’s no rear n box on this thing. We created a special, subdued, era reminiscent, model specific logo just for this board. The RNF-Retro is built standard with #SonOfCobra designed tints and opaque #Resinworks, for that proper look and feel. The #RNF_Retro is Groovy Smooth Glide Vibe – meets proven Mayhem #Pro_formance. Like a beautiful vintage hotrod, souped up with a modern brand new Engine and transmission, it’s the best of both worlds. Now you can have your cool and rip it too.

RNF CLASSIC (1997)



Ridden to fame by Cory Lopez and Chris Ward in the classic video 5’5 x 19 1/4″. Exact replica of one of Cory’s boards in the film, complete with glass on fins (with an FCS trailer) and old school logos. Each board is hand signed and numbered by both Cory Lopez and Chris Ward, as well as shaper Matt Biolos.

MICKS TAPE SYMM

The “MicksTape-SYM ”: A fully symmetrical version of Stab’s 2022, #ElectricAcidSurfboardTest winning board, as chosen by Mick Fanning. For anyone with apprehension about asymmetrical boards, but still interested in the overall performance of the original #MicksTape. Much of the reason we made the original an Asym, was knowing the “Test” was to be in typically powerful, peak season, Maldivian reef passes. Tasked with designing a sub-5’3” board, for these types of waves, we bet that a bit less surface area on the heel edge would help. It did…But for everyday surf, in non-reef pass power, we feel a spin on standard swallow, would be a simple solution.  Similar to the typical swallow, but with a reverse inner curve, the smooth flow of the “Gull” tail, is reminiscent of the original #MicksTape.



Designed to be effective much shorter than your standard short boards and even fish the smallest performer in your quiver. Choose a length that lines up the kind of width and volume you can be comfortable on and push yourself to fit in new parts of the wave. Just like Mick showed us how.



Essentially the same board, in every way, except the last couple inches of tail outline, the #MicksTape-SYM delivers the same high performance, diminutive package as the asym version, but with an easy to understand tail, for all you traditionalists.



Goofy or Regular, one board fits all stances.





MICKS TAPE

What is this Mayhem?



An asymmetrical collaborative by Matt Biolos and Donald Brink. We were restricted to a length limit of 5’3” in shaping a board for Mick Fanning to ride in the Maldives, for STAB’s #ElectricAcidSurfboardTest (EAST) 2022. A daring challenge knowing Mr.Fanning’s propensity for scrutinizing the most minimal of flaws. Packing controllable punch in a diminutive design required both excess and constraint. Maximum motor with minimum waste.



We created a compact craft that would match Mick’s performance volume and hopefully handle a diverse array of waves, hold a rail through proper arcs, fit refreshingly in tight and unique creases, and uniquely utilize flat faces, energy pockets and power sections, alike.



What does this mean for you? A complement to your quiver. Not to replace or shadow dependable performers, but to balance the small board section with reasonable dimensions for progressive surfing.



How comfortable do you need to be, to enjoy the performance you envision? The three times world champ put this design through its paces, most will never come close to his precise power on rail, but many a surfer can fit in perfect parts of normal waves with the right approach and a comfortable craft.



This board is stance specific, designed to help you surf the way you stand. We embraced the leverage of your toe side approach and balanced the pivot and heavy set heel side drive. In short; go left or right, but stand one way.



Not one size fits all: Mick stands almost 5’10” tall and rides boards about this height in mid 27 liters.



Micks #MicksTape is 5’3” and pushed to 28.5 liters. A 6 to 7” gap in length, for a world class master. Going

up in overall size creates exponential opportunity for support through volume and reasonable widths to make average conditions manageable, crowded line ups tolerable and yet steer with ease on the still short rail line, for more modestly skilled surfers. It’s a case of comfort.



This collaboration was a platform for design to be the difference, a study of what we know, what we trust, and only then a delicate application of what could be. The collaborative efforts constantly seemed akin to a musical mix. A medley served to a friend with all kinds of analog and now digital nuance. You my friend, can enjoy this mix too. A Mixed Tape, er….#MicksTape. A soundtrack to cultivate your fascination for the surf.

Enjoy Your Water,

Brink ‘n Biolos



ROCKET REDUX



“Before mass media marketeers played Hypto-Crypto with your mind, making you believe in the Sci-Fi that Ghosts and Monstas were more than just Average Joes, Diving through Dumpsters along the Seaside… there was The ROCKET!… and we ain’t talking 9 or Wide.  Before Instagram and the endless charade of social media surfboard model marketing melted our minds, real word of mouth made one little board iconic throughout the surfing world…. The ROCKET. “



Birthed from a broken blank and the brains of Beschen (Shane) and Budroe, the original Rocket was to simply be a board for baby Beschen (Noah) to learn on. Once ridden by Shane, everything changed, and he felt compelled to bring us his fabulous find to be refined.  Happy accidents have been a staple of surfboard progression, since the beginning.  As we started fine tuning and building them for the boys, we knew were had something special.  Fast forward a year, and the 2009 video release of “5’5 Redux”.  The ROCKET was a star of the show, ridden by a parade of guest rippers cutting loose on the little weapon.  From Bros to Pros, The ROCKET was soon a global hit, being enjoyed by surfers of all shapes, sizes and skill sets.  Now, more than a decade after its initial release, the ROCKET returns.  A re-incarnated Redux for the new generation to enjoy another run of fun… The ROCKET REDUX



We’ve strived to retain all the original ROCKET design details and magic:



The extremely low and fast entry rocker, counterbalanced by a hyper-extended tail curve, for instantaneous down the line drive and playfully precise turning.  The deepest of concaves, created by a straight centerline stringer and a curvaceous rail rocker lends lift and liveliness.  The wide tail and parallel, bullet like, outline provides plenty of speed and hold. The hooked diamond “Rocket” tail adds bite and hold in firm, rear footed carves.



While the ROCKET REDUX stays true to the original ROCKET, to bring a serious performance boost we’ve:



Refined and cleaned curves, made the rails a bit more refined, and updated some details just enough to keep up with the things we’ve learned since.

LIBTECH FREAK FLAG BEAN BAG



A radical small wave design based on maximum surface area for lift, stability and unbridled speed in tiny surf. Inspired by the original “double ender” Bean Bag, Lib Tech’s “Freak Flag Bean Bag” features a refined, winged outline for tighter turns, added bite and faster transitions rail to rail. Tip-to-tail vee bottom, for forgiveness and on rail surfing in the smallest of waves. It also features a flat (low center of gravity) and stable deck, with forgiving rails. This board is meant to be surfed very short. Unlike most extremely wide and short boards, it has the ability to be surfed aggressively from the tail, and up onto a rail, without sliding out… Get off the Couch, toss your LazyBoy and fly your Freak Flag!”



~ Matt Biolos

COBRA KILLER



The COBRA KILLER:  A special collaboration between Matt Biolos and The “Son Of Cobra” (Paul Lefevre, formerly of The LuckyBastards).



“The “Son Of Cobra” (Paul Lefevre) is world renowned for his ResinWorks artistry, but Paul is equally adept at the craft of shaping. I’ve said for years that Paul may be the most naturally talented, all around board builder, that I’ve worked with in all my years” – Matt Biolos.

EVIL TWIN



The EVIL TWIN is a Free thinking, transformational toy for the post-modern retro surf world.  A fully convertible mash up between Twin fin flamboyance and Single fin flair.



The EVIL TWIN. In addition to its convertible, multi-fin, adjustability, the most unique feature is its elevated “e-wing”.  I was turned on to (and taught to shape) elevated wings by Max McDonald.  Max developed them in conjunction with the Campbell Brother’s Bonzer designs.  Over the last decade we have used e-wings exclusively in our Japan specific line of small wave boards, with great success,



literally making thousands of them, across various models.  Now, for the first time, we are introducing e-wings globally.  The elevated wing works with parallel outlines, allowing increased lateral speed, then drastically reducing surface area in the tail, to control and carry the speed into tight radius arcs.  They create hyper extended rail rocker, which rolls into the wave face easily, engages and holds in turns.  Positioned near the rear foot, e-wings add forgiveness, control, and ease of roll, to relatively wide, high volume, flat rocker boards.

The EVIL TWIN Features:

•  MR inspired Flat deck, and steep, tucked soft, rails, combined with a shallow single concave through the center.

•  Low tail rocker, with deep double concave vee, which works with the rounded pin tail, to balance speed with control.

•  Wide forward outline, with low entry rocker, that glides effortlessly.

Built exclusively with Futures fins and boxes, the EVIL TWIN offers a myriad of performance options, each offering a unique approach to recreational wave riding:

•  Single Fin, solo:  For minimalist point and glide, soulful arcs and long carves. Lovely in lined up point breaks.

•  Single with forward “Side-Bites”:  Adding a bit of pump and slam to the single fin jam. The

Side-Bites engage with the e-wing and raise the performance level. Especially in larger surf.

•  Twin Fins:  Loose, quick and eternally playful in small surf.  Free flying fun without the slidey

surprises of wider tail twinnies.

•  Twin + Trailer:  Locked and loaded twin fin with overdrive.  Confidently carve and surf with power in all sizes of waves. My favorite set up for this board.



•  Thruster:  For all you “Pro-Formance” peeps. Futures offer a rear thruster fin for the long box, which turns the EVIL TWIN into a Terrorizing Thruster.



We have worked with Futures to develop both a 6.5” performance “Sinister-Single” Fin and a 3.5” Rear-Trailer Fin, specifically for the EVIL TWIN.  Use them in conjunction with any one of Futures’ readily available Twin Fin and Side-Bite options, to create the ultimate transformational fun machine kit… and expand your horizons beyond your wildest dreams.

MAYSYM



The MAYSYM features anatomically corrected tail curves for more control on a high volume, small wave Stub Rocket. Purposely asymmetric boards have been around for decades.  The advent, and popularization, is mostly credited to gifted designer, Carl Ekstrom.



The general concept is we all surf with different leverage on our heels, vs our toes.  Heel turns are more abrupt, without the ability to “feather” our rail pressure with supple ankles and toes.  Contrary to common misconception, Asymmetrical boards are not for “going right or left”, or “backside or frontside” but are designed to work in symmetry with a natural or goofy footed surfer.  They’re almost always designed to be more forgiving on the heels (usually done by reducing surface area or shortening rail line) with more resistance on the toes (a wider, straighter, or longer rail and or rocker line).



My first foray into asymmetric designs was in the winter of ‘92.  I was influenced by the best snowboard I had ever owned (up to that point) a NITRO “PYRO”(see photo of board), twin tip, asymmetric snowboard.  It was the first board I ever rode that I could properly carve a heel edge on.  It spurred my interest in the concept, but I only made a couple asym surfboards at the time, and soon lost interest.  Around the turn of the



century, after reading an asym article in Surfers Journal, in 1999, I re-visited them, making a few HPSBs, for an early Mentawais trip.  One of which was easily one of my all-time best boards to that point.  Once again, I soon neglected the design.  About ten years later, inspired by the resurgence of asym popularity, we made a few for Aaron “Gorkin” Cormican, with winged swallow on the toes and round pin on the heels.



This specific board, the “MAYSYM”, is based around our “V2-StubRocket”, a small wave specific, spin off of the original “Rocket” (which was popular when I started developing this board).  I worked on it periodically, for over 5 years, and feel that due to the work of guys like Ekstrom and young Ryan Burch, among others, to popularize asymmetric designs, the time is becoming right to actually offer these designs to the public.  For me, asymmetries help most when applied to high volume boards.  On a narrow / thin, low volume board, the surfer can easily control the tail on heel or toe edge, thus it’s very rare to see high level surfers using them on high performance short boards (although I believe there is room to develop and improve them in that genre).  With wide tails and high volume to body weight ratios on small wave boards, for average surfers, the big tails can easily start to get in the way.  Precise surfing can become a casualty to wave catch-ability, and ease of speed generation… especially on heel turns (back side bottom turns or front side pocket turns are most effected), so I began to take surface area out of the heel rail on my wide Rocket tails, turning them into Round tails, and then slowly offsetting the centerline, as well as adding more rail rocker to the wider side of the tail, and other subtle adjustments to try and neutralize the difference between heel and toe body mechanics.  The MASYM is the result.



Unlike many asyms floating around today, we reeled in the “shock and awe” effect.  These are genial asyms, attempting simply to make riding a really wide short board easier, when transitioning from heel to toe.  The fins are set the same.  No offset fin marks.  No inverted pickle fork noses, and no over the top offset rockers or extreme curves.  One of my favorite design ethos is “Don’t get loose until you have control”.  I’ll let other vanguard shapers push the limits of balancing visual shock and actual function. 



We offer each size in Regular of Goofy footed build.  I’ve painstakingly designed each board/size/regular/goofy, and worked closely with AKU Shaper, so each is pre-cut specifically asymmetrically.  The tail is already pre-shaped into the blank, before we hand fine tune the single channel, and fine tune the rest of the shape. This gives previously unmatched consistency to the boards, bringing a once rogue and “underground” design to the surf shop customer.



We hope you go out on a limb and try one. You won’t be disappointed.



GLYDRA



GLYDRA came to life as an idea from one of our partner retailers in New Jersey.

While visiting and chasing hurricanes, in summer 2020, we spent an afternoon surfing with the crew from Heritage Surfboards. They mentioned the popularity of our recently released HYDRA. A small wave sea monster/miniscule-wave weapon that was catching on in their typically tiny surf. They talked about

the growing interest and acceptance of the Mid-Length genre’ sweeping the nation.



“Hey Matt, you know what would be sick? A HYDRA stretched out to a mid-Length…Across between your SMOOTH OPERATOR and HYDRA. Kind of a Mid-Length fish type of thing. That wide HYDRA tail on a Mid-Length would be great around here.”- Kev Mo (Heritage).



Seemed like a fine idea to me. Returning home, I started developing the design, knowing I wanted it free and loose on the face and not too linear or horizontal. A significantly longer board that would get up n go, could be moved up and down the wave, change directions quickly and feel “loose” in sub-par surf.



A board that paddles and trims like an elongated glider, remains free and turns easily on the face and can even do full rail cutbacks in lifeless surf….

A mid-length Glider version of HYDRA…both functional and beautiful…and exude style.



To be ridden about 12” longer than you would HYDRA or other Fish, or even 12” taller than your own height, depending on skill level and preference.



Sure, it paddles great and catches any wave with ease. Sure, you can trim along till the last bit of whitewater crumbles away onto the shore. But it still must perform.



To do this, we maintained many of HYDRA’S multiple magic making design elements, making both minor and major adjustments. We didn’t simply stretch it out and call it a day.



Outline: We retained, but reduced the intensity, of the snowboard influenced “Pelagic” side- cut outline. The side-cut locks in during carves and shortens the radius of turns, while both gaining speed and maintaining control.

Bottom contours: GLYDRA still feature the double concave inside a single concave hull, with noticeable chined releases along the rail. The triple concave allows the use of more overall rocker, which encourages proper turning and more vertical surfing. The concave cut through this rocker, adding lift and speed. The heavily chined rails add release and frees up the board to roll from rail to rail. The chines make 3D rail surfing more possible on a concave bottom, high volume board…allowing much more than simply skating fast on the surface.

Rocker: As pre-mentioned, the main thing we did is really make sure we increased the overall rocker enough as the boards grew in length. Especially under the feet, through the mid-section of the board, allowing the longer rail line to fit in the curve of smaller waves and keep the board feeling free. When riding longer boards, the main thing most surfers experience is the board feels “stiff”, or sticky.

The GLYDRA is an extremely fun and easy to ride, stretched out small wave machine. Call it a Long fish. Call it a mini-glider. Call it mid length-Mayhem or call it whatever you want. If you want to have fun, it gets the job done.



Dual Diamond tail: A defining feature. It melds the characteristics of both swallow and diamond tails. A notched-out stringer shortens the centerline rocker and reduces surface area behind the rear foot. The double diamonds shorten the rail line, making quick and powerful, controlled turns, much more manageable. For GLYDRA, we have noticeably pulled the tail in the last 18”, adding more curve in the outline, so less rail is engaged in the wave face at one time, allowing the board to be turned and ridden freely, even when standing forward without the rear foot planted on the tail.

Deck-line and foil: Updated to better suit a longer board, rather than a short, stubby one. GLYDRA retains a thicker center line, that grows with length, but the deck roll has been increased, using far more taper and thinner rails than the HYDRA. This allows the deck line to more closely follow the curveoftherailrocker. Whenputonarail,thewaterrollingacrossthedeckhelpsthelonger board cut back and carve tighter turns. The tapered rails permeate the water more easily and retainapreferredsensitivity. Thetailisthin,somewhatboxyandfeaturesanoticeable“kick”or bend upward, through the fins, further freeing up GLYDRA as a trim and turn machine.

Fins: We’ve retained HYDRA’S 5-fin set up. No need for a single fin box on this wide tail, but most other fin set ups can be dialed in to offer a myriad of methods to ride, glide and even rip GLYDRA.

A small set of Thrusters- to jam turns and hit the lip…no worries!

A Split Keel Quad- for down the line speed and carves…absolutely!

A large set of Twins + small trailer- especially in small surf…for sure!

And my personal favorite, large Twins with a smaller set of rear mini quads- making for a Twin/Quad combo that blends the best of both Two+1 and Quad set ups.

PARTY CRASHER



The PARTY CRASHER is a chopped down, volume-up spin off of the popular Crowd Killer, with a nod to the stylish Smooth Operator, but without forgetting the performance and maneuverability of our shorter hybrids like the Puddle Jumper series, thus furthering our adventures into the ego free fun of Mid-length Mayhem.



I feel like we have nailed the short/wide hybrid for a long time now, my quiver of 6’0” full figured grovelers runs deep.  More recently, I’ve been loving the full-scale mid-lengths, including the Smooth Operator and Crowd Killer, but there is literally a 10”-14” length gap between these two ranges of boards in my quiver. Looking for a happy medium between our typical hybrids (which are traditionally ridden at, or even well below your own height) and our Mid-length Mayhem models, the PARTY CRASHER was designed to bridge the considerable size gap.  A magic Unicorn that glides and paddles like the longer boards, but more maneuverable and easier to travel with, like the smaller boards.  The PARTY CRASHER exists to do just that:  Crash any spot and shark around the line up like an un-wanted guest, feasting on typical surf like an open bar or free buffet.



Starting with my favorite 7’2” Crowd Killer Round, I chopped 6” off of the tail and made a hard diamond, which further shortens the rail line and



enables quicker, more radical, turns.  We then whacked 2” off the nose allowing the nose rocker to settle lower and to carry more width forward, lending glide and early entry into waves.  The generous tail rocker purposely remains the same, but when squeezed into the shorter board allows it to really fit into tight pockets and short, average broken up beach breaks.  It doesn’t need a lot of room to turn.



The PARTY CRASHER retains the Crowd Killer’s relatively low rail volume, and continuous curve outline, which keeps it catch free and forgiving.  It features a deeper, more souped-up and radical, single to double concave bottom.  The deeper concave adds lift and spark in smaller surf, and increase the rail line rocker, allowing more vertical and tight-radius-turning.



Crash any line up with confidence on this wave catching, yet surprisingly nimble and maneuverable, machine. It’s an age appropriate board, that allows more mature surfers to navigate crowded line ups and hit wave quota, without the typical reduction in performance when going with a longer, higher volume board. Meant to be ridden 4”-8” shorter than a Crowd Killer/Smooth Operator, or 4”-8” longer than our range of Puddle Jumper styles, short Hybrids, but with similar width and thickness to all.

CROWD KILLER ROUND



The CROWD KILLER- ROUND: Dependable and ridiculously easy to ride from tiny surf to the largest days in most parts of the World.



The CROWD KILLER- ROUND is a natural evolution and refinement of 2018’s instantly popular Crowd Killer; which naturally developed to a clean and simple round tail.  In contrast to the original Crowd Killer with a double wing swallow tail, the Crowd Killer Round’s round Tail is more forgiving and easier to turn in better waves, and at high speeds.  Less tail area means more control, and smooth turns and relaxed surfing, with more range in a variety of conditions.  The Crowd Killer Round features essentially the same rocker and foil as the Crowd Killer, but we have reduced the concave a bit, lowered the rail volume and added some curve to the outline.  The size scale, and standard dims are adjusted as well, so that the Crowd Killer Round can be ridden a bit longer without added volume.  A very clean and no frills update to an already well received board, especially for those with aversions to multiple wings and swallow tails.  Dependable and ridiculously easy to surf from tiny surf to the largest days in most parts of the USA/World.

CROWD KILLER



The Crowd Killer is a high performance, #hyperfunboard, based off of the Quiver Killer rocker and outline. The idea was to extend it lengthwise and open up this design to a wider audience. It’s a wave catching, easy riding machine that does not skimp on performance.



The Crowd Killer features:



A slightly wider, wave catching nose, with a “no pearl” flip tip, allowing the added length to still fit into the curve of waves.

A wicked little double bump swallow tail, which feels lively and playful in small surf, yet holds long lines in larger waves.

A relaxed and fast central rocker, that glides with ease.

Plenty of tail rocker, with deep double concave, for whipping wraps like a pro.

New “Hidden Volume” two stage deck line, which focuses the foam toward the stringer and a rapid taper towards the rails. This creates a flat, stable deck, without feeling full or bulbous, and allows sensitive yet forgiving rails.

Own the local spot, or piss off locals when you travel with this Crowd Killing machine.

UPDATES for CROWD KILLER 2021 INCLUDE: 



Wider at center, with a noticeably pulled in nose and more overall curve in the outline. Less parallel rails and more hip in the tail. The outline changes make for a board that rides more free on the face and is easier to turn up and down the wave without catching the nose.

Thicker along the stringer, with more thickness carried forward, but a more defined roll in deck, creating lower volumed, less bulky, more refined, yet still forgiving, rails. The rails feel better in the hand and permeate the waters surface with ease.

A slightly relaxed tail rocker, smoothing out the hyper kicked tail that was needed in the first version to free up the parallel outline. New rocker has slightly less nose kick as well. The entire rocker line is smoothed out and blended without extreme flip or kick i nose or tail, to better flow with the new, curvier, outline.

Each size now is wider and with a bit more thickness and volume overall, but with more foil and roll in the deck, making for less rails bulk and a great feel in and out of the water.

The CROWD KILLER Swallow was always meant to be an aggressively surfed “Mid-Length”. The changes and updates make that easier to do, in both good surf and bad, without reducing the ease of paddling and catching waves in a crowded line up.

The stock files were always only available in even sizes. For 2021 Ive added odd sizes to the stock offering.

SMOOTH OPERATOR



The SMOOTH OPERATOR is a trim and turn machine.  High volume, low rails and tons of fun.  We’ve souped them up with a 4+1 fin set up,  offering a myriad of options and performance characteristics.



The SMOOTH OPERATOR is our modern twist on the classic mid-length, double ender. I’ve become more interested in not only designing and building this genre of board, but also inspired to really learn how to ride them. It was sparked by previous dalliances with mid-length, semi-performance boards, like the “Lazy Toy” and “EZ-UP”. These boards, with their Wayne Lynch/Evolution inspired vee bottoms and rounded noses, were forgiving and easy to ride, but essentially glorified fun boards. More recently, we developed the Crowd Killer, more of an over inflated pump and rip stick, with its hyper extended nose rocker and equally aggressive tail rocker. While high volume and performance minded, the Crowd Killer does not possess the effortless glide and horizontal trim of a classic mid length. The SMOOTH OPERATOR does. Built around an exaggeratedly low entry rocker, forward wide point and thickness flow, and a nose and tail that measure the same width at both 12” and 24”, the SMOOTH OPERATOR paddles and glides like nothing ever adorned with a …Lost or Mayhem logo. That’s not to say it doesn’t turn though!

SABO TAJ



The “Sabo_TAJ”  is the result of ongoing design development between Taj Burrow and Matt Biolos.



Meant to perform in the widest range of conditions by minimalistic means, and essentially provide Taj a one board weapon for his last minute, whirlwind travels …where theres no time, space or desire to pack a proper quiver. The Sabo_Taj is equally at home in 2′ shore break as 8′ Indo, and everything in between. We began with the …Lost Rock-Up chassis, and made refinements and tweaks (based off TBs input and feedback over several boards) until it became its own entity altogether.  From the Rock-Up, to Round Up, to the Mini Driver, and more than 10 years of developing shorter, wide nose, low entry “quiver killing” travel boards, we feel like this is the best one yet. The Sabo_TAJ features a modest, overall rocker that is “shifted back”, so that the entry is low, fast and drivey. The tail rocker has the curve and release of a high performance step up for tight radius whip and control. The rail line creates a shallow concave under and between feet to add lift and freedom, but zeros out in the nose and tail, to keep things catch free, forgiving, settled and precise. Theres a slight double concave cutting through the tail rocker which adds lift and speed in smaller waves, as well as drive in larger ones.



The outline, with its noticeably wider than average nose (and a pulled in round tail) is semi elliptical and continuously curving, lending a feeling of catch free ease. Combined with the low entry rocker,this outline enables the board to be ridden quite short. The tail is pulled in “late”, but still features enough surface area in the fin area, under the rear foot, to be surfed fast and radical in every day waves, while the narrow tail tip holds in solid surf and tube riding, when asked.  Powerful Indo reef waves, punchy beach breaks, compact slabs, lined up points or even soft lumpy rollers, the Sabo_TAJ provides effective consistency, with the ability to be pushed to reckless and radical Taj Burrow levels, in nearly all conditions. Taj rides it 1″ shorter, but a touch wider, than his typical #Pro_formance short board, but depending on your preferred use, it can be ridden even a bit shorter (or much longer) for various, and equally effective degrees of diversity and fun.

RETRO RIPPER



A great every day, all around utility board, to semi-step up/travel board. 80’s inspired, with modern updates, making for effective fun in the widest variety of conditions.



The RETRO RIPPER is a scaled down version of the Retro gun, with a wider, more playful, winged, round pin tail.  Designed as an everyday utility board to semi-step up.  A great travel board, that can handle some size, and a wide variety of conditions. The target surfer for this board is once again the guy who tends to rides wider, thicker, high volume, relaxed rocker boards in small, daily surf…and struggles to find a suitable board for bigger, better, or more challenging days. Very well suited for solid East Coast hurricane and winter swells, crowded head high beach breaks, long winding points and really excels in strong offshore winds, or choppy, windy conditions.

Similar features to the RetroGun:

•  Flat, stable deck with full, steep, low apex rails = Paddle power and edge control.

•   Low entry rocker with accelerated tail rocker. Fast out the gate, yet turns tight in the pocket.

•   Rolled vee in nose, flat under front foot, and a deep double concave vee cutting through the tail rocker. Slice though windchop and allow the higher volume to sit low in the water.

•   Winged round pin tail =  A release point to keep the board loose. It quickens up turns in moderate surf, without being detrimental in larger waves.

The overall look, feel and vibe is once again very reminiscent of boards I built for myself (and a few brave friends) in the ‘80’s, for surfing in better days from Trestles to Salt Creek, and down to Mexico.  A very user-friendly board, suited for surfers looking for a fast, fun, easy to paddle, alternative, that really works best when most hybrids are reaching their effective wave size limits. Adding to the fun, the RetroRipper comes standard with era specific, vintage ‘80’s “Mayhem”, …Lost spiral and rail logos.

RETRO GUN



“A working man’s gun…  Loved by the Pros, but really meant for the Bros.  A great tool for taming big unruly beasts, even in challenging, imperfect conditions.”



The RETRO_GUN features low entry rocker with Rolled Vee (and lots of forward volume) and a classic “Beak” nose.  The Vee lessens through the center and increases again into an accelerated tail rocker, with deep double concave cutting through the tail curve.  The continuous Vee bottom enables a high-volume board to surf lower in the water and engage the rail.  It cleanly cuts through big, bumpy, chop or stiff offshore condition and allows for smooth, controlled, rail to rail surfing.  It easily remains in control at high speeds, in powerful surf.



Built standard with…



Strong (yet flexible) 4ply Redwood stringer

Thruster/Quad convertible fin set up.

Solid resin tinted 6oz and 4oz stronger glassing, for a beautiful board that lasts. – All new, model specific, minimalist logo package.

(Post Modern) RETRO GUN is loosely based off my original, personal guns from the late 1980’s. Now recently revamped and modernized with 30 years of knowledge, yet still retaining the original ’80’s design ethos.  Flat deck, steep full rails (with more edge) lower rockers with continuous vee, were the status quo.  Before the introduction of deep concaves cutting through hyper rocker minimalistic slippers of the 1990’s, the surfboards of the ’80’s were more user friendly.



High volume was high performance.



Our first modern “Retro Guns” were built a few years back, at the request of a friend (journalist, Lewis Samuels) up in Ocean Beach San Francisco.  He was looking for an advantage in negotiating OBs big, cold, open ocean landscapes.  Ironically, after seeing LS in action, on early Retros, it was quickly requested, and adopted by our “A” team of young hot shots like Kolohe, Ian Crane and (most notably) Luke Davis, while on road trips up north.  They now hold full quiver of Retro Guns, for attacking the same types of waves, and places like Sunset Beach, Hi.



More importantly, for the surfer used to spending most their time on higher volume, hybrid/fish designs in daily surf (but struggle to find a board that suits them when the waves get solid) the RETRO_GUN is an excellent tool to boost confidence and control in a raucous line up.  It easily replaces a standard gun, or large step up, but can be done with less length and more thickness without sacrificing control.



Over all, the Retro Gun, while loved by Pros, is really meant for the Bros. It’s a working man’s gun. A great tool for taming big unruly beasts, even in challenging, imperfect conditions.

TROUBLE SHOOTER



The “TROUBLE SHOOTER” Is a solid wave board. Designed to take you in and out of dream waves. The board features a narrowish swallow, that still has enough area under the back foot to be surfed vertical, and a significant amount of tail rocker, which is “cut through” with 4-channels running off the tail. The swallow creates a long straightened tail outline which, when combined with the channels, and balanced by the curvy tail rocker, gives an incredible amount of projection and drive, without feeling stiff. The entry rocker is kept modest, for down the line projection and ease of paddling and catching waves in solid line ups. The concaves are kept shallow, which creates a relaxed rail rocker, and also negates volume…allowing the surfer to use more foam, and thus feel secure in crowded shifting and intimidating line ups. This board is recommended for overhead to double overhead waves and comes as a five fin option for those who love the high line, quad fin feeling, in long tubing waves.

INDO DRIVER



The INDO DRIVER: Is a medium volume, conservatively proportioned, round pin tail, that is as comfortable carving out on the face and surfing vertical in the pocket as it is at holding and driving in the tube. Based off our Driver 1/2 Step rocker and outline used by Kolohe Andino and Carissa Moore in reef breaks around the WSL. This board is not a “Pro Only” design, but something that is suited to most anyone with enough skills to even be out in reef break line ups. Designed for waves in the chest high to well overhead range. Its really an everyday board for any reef pass set ups.

DOUBLE UP



THE DOUBLE UP is for serious surf. Not a typical stock surfboard, but something suited for the custom order clientele, or locations that get consistently heavy surf. A sort of “Domesticated” big wave weapon. First developed for Lewis Samuels, up in San Francisco. After a life time surfing the cold, often giant, beach breaks of Ocean Beach, Lewis knew what he wanted. While hanging at Wise Surfshop, we started with his mid range RockUp, from the year before, and (without adding much width overall) stretched it out to 7’6”. The forward outline was still prevalent, with a wider nose than a stereotypical gun, and the entry rocker still more relaxed. This gives the board a confident glide through the line up and ease of entry into big waves. The concave was shallowed from tip to tail, enabling the board to slice through bumps and feel more neutral underfoot. More speed means less lift needed. We added thickness throughout, but tapered the rails in the perimeter and hid the volume in the center of the deck…up into the nose area as well. The tail rocker is generous suited towards, performance in steep, hollow waves. After getting a handful of “Domesticated Chargers” on to them (and receiving rave reviews from LS, and seeing his exploits from his home in OB to giant Indo and massive Fiji) we knew we were onto something. Now available to anyone with the desire to charge serious surf and the cash to buy one. Don’t expect to see rows of DoubleUps lined up shops, but all

our dealers can accept custom orders.

ROUND UP



The RoundUp came as a reaction to the repeated requests and feedback from custom order clients claiming the RockUp was “great in serious waves, but too gunny for all but the most powerful and hollow days”. I set out to improve this. Soon enough, tweaking almost every custom order RockUp in to a “Round-Up”. We started by adding width and curve to the tail (in the last 24”) and changing it from a pin to a softer, rounded pin. The added surface area, and curve in the tail, alone make for a far more free wheeling and playful board that still excels in solid surf. The rocker, foil and forward outline remain as the original RockUp, but we raised the rail apex, making the rails slightly more full and forgiving. This also adds some volume and feels a bit closer to rails on an every day board. Simply said, The RoundUp is now a significantly more user friendly “StepUp” that comes to life in even modestly above average surf. It allows high performance rail surfing and tube riding, and makes it easy to control speed and hold critical lines in head high and bigger, hollow/powerful waves. No longer requiring heaving, heavy, “day of the year” type surf to perform. Everyone should have one.

TUBE PIG



Next in line of our continuing collaboration with Taj Burrow, is the aptly name “Tube Pig”. This one came about in 2014, when building a quiver for Taj to ride at home, in WA. We made a handful of boards specifically built to withstand beatings from, and perform on, the battering wind-buffed barrels of his beloved beach breaks and radical reefs. Not concerned so much with contests, ultra-light weights, or whipping airs and “finners”, we built a bit of substance into a few boards in hopes they would last and fit the demanding conditions. One board in particular was just over 5’9” 18.32” 2.25” and 25 liters of volume. Featuring a more pronounced round pin tail, with a narrower than average hip between the feet, and a slightly wider than typical nose, it ooozed of drive. Married to the outline is a pretty typical high performance rocker profile, but with less concave throughout, which runs the rail rocker pretty parallel to the stringer line. This results in no radical curves or breaks in the rail line. One not so noticeable feature, that I feel really ads to the effectiveness of this design in the waves it’s meant to be ridden, is that the nose is just slightly thicker than the tail at both the 12” and 24” marks. This really seems to add both paddle power and drive off the front foot. It also isn’t bad for helping with the snapping noses either. Individually, these features are all pretty subtle. Unlike The Round-Up/Rock-Up, and other exaggerated shortened step-ups, they are not strikingly different looking…But all combined, the whole became greater than the sum of its parts. When shaping the first one I wrote a note along the stringer “Tube Shooter”.



During a recent run of swell in WA, a series of exasperatingly excited mails and texts poured in from TB. Claims like..”I am not sure if it interests you or not, but this is the best board I have ever ridden in the tube. It’s a real Tube Pig. The thickness lets me in early and it knifes into solid tubes better than any shorty would. Paddle power to catch them, but the short little board fits in the curve better than a gun, and still holds in”. Accompanied with the texts was a relentless assault of gloriously lit videos and photos from Taj last couple weeks of surfing. That was enough for me. The Tube Pig… by Taj Burrow. Now… when it’s firing, everyone can go out and make a pig of themselves. Meant to be ridden about the same size, or just a bit longer, as your normal board, but mainly for those powerful pumping days in hollow beach breaks and reefs at home…or on the road.

RETRO TRIPPER



The RETRO TRIPPER is inspired by the desire for a short and wide, with plenty of glide, fish alternative, for surfing punchy and powerful waves with confidence and control. It’s wide (Beaked) nose, winged pin tail, mellow retro-rocker, flat deck and steep downward rails, combined with Twin+1 fin set-up, excels in good waves, powerful waves, hollow waves, fast waves and big waves, but is still wide and skatey enough for every day fun.



Developed in early 2021, first for myself as a board for smaller days on an early season Salina Cruz, March strike mission. My first one worked well, with room to improve, so I made another for April in The Mentawais, while back on the move. At the same time, inspired by my own, we made a few more, for some team riders around home.



STAB Electric Acid came with a call, so we made two for the siblings Ho, glassed on fins and all. From these early prototypes, feedback was made…and by July ’21, on the road to El Salvador…hoping they passed the grade. With Coco Ho and Luke Davis as the ponies, we scored solid surf and realized The Retro Tripper was money!



Based off the RetroRipper chassis, but significantly shorter (with lower entry rocker), thicker, wider and with a forward outline. RETRO TRIPPER is similar to our classic #MonkFish-round pin, ridden by Cory Lopez, in his seminal Skeleton Bay segment, from 5’5” Redux. The Flat deck, forward outline and foil, steep downward rails and wide outline make for a stable, easy paddling momentum making machine. The bottom curves, with a soft rolled vee up front, blending to the slightest of single concave though center and gradually receding to a double concaved vee in the tail, combine with a curvy tail rocker and wing enhanced reduction of surface area. These elements align for a forgiving and precise ride than negates the significant volume and allows nimble surfing and high speed and in critical sections.



Wether tossed in the bag for a “TRIP”, paddled out for punchy local beach break mornings, or saved for lined up days at the closest pumping point break, or even just a mellow vibe glide in typical daily surf, the RETRO TRIPPER will deliver. Glassed standard with single sided opaque laminations and minimalist logos, for a stylistically mellow 70’s gold than an in your face, 80’s bold.

RAD RIPPER



Super-fast, forgiving, user friendly retro fun, featuring modern updates and improvements, suitable for almost anyone.



RAD RIPPER is the latest in our “Post Modern Retro” collection.  A direct spin off from the Retro Ripper, but scaled for small, sub-par, every day surfing.



Starting with the Retro Ripper, I lowered the entry rocker a bit (for fast paddle, early entry, easy glide and quickness out the gate), and replaced the speed controlling round tail with a wide, planing squash tail.  Lots of lift and surface area for small surf.  As a child of ‘80’s surfing, I’ve always been enamored by the ease of use from that era’s performance short boards.  The RAD RIPPER retains a noticeably healthy amount of tail rocker, cut through by an aggressive double concave, adding even more lift and squirt under the rear foot.

Super-fast, forgiving, user friendly retro fun, featuring modern updates and improvements, suitable for almost anyone.

Highlighted features include:

•  Flat, stable deck, with steep, low apex, tucked soft rails.

•  Slight vee in nose (to free up the low rocker) into a shallow single  concave, into a deep double concave vee, for both speed andcontrol.

•  Wide, stable squash tail, glides across anything, and holds speed through turns, even in small summer slop.

•  Forward thickness flow, with wedged “beak” nose, for drive and paddle -ability.



RETRO RIPPER



A great every day, all around utility board, to semi-step up/travel board. 80’s inspired, with modern updates, making for effective fun in the widest variety of conditions.



The RETRO RIPPER is a scaled down version of the Retro gun, with a wider, more playful, winged, round pin tail.  Designed as an everyday utility board to semi-step up.  A great travel board, that can handle some size, and a wide variety of conditions. The target surfer for this board is once again the guy who tends to rides wider, thicker, high volume, relaxed rocker boards in small, daily surf…and struggles to find a suitable board for bigger, better, or more challenging days. Very well suited for solid East Coast hurricane and winter swells, crowded head high beach breaks, long winding points and really excels in strong offshore winds, or choppy, windy conditions.

Similar features to the RetroGun:

•  Flat, stable deck with full, steep, low apex rails = Paddle power and edge control.

•   Low entry rocker with accelerated tail rocker. Fast out the gate, yet turns tight in the pocket.

•   Rolled vee in nose, flat under front foot, and a deep double concave vee cutting through the tail rocker. Slice though windchop and allow the higher volume to sit low in the water.

•   Winged round pin tail =  A release point to keep the board loose. It quickens up turns in moderate surf, without being detrimental in larger waves.

The overall look, feel and vibe is once again very reminiscent of boards I built for myself (and a few brave friends) in the ‘80’s, for surfing in better days from Trestles to Salt Creek, and down to Mexico.  A very user-friendly board, suited for surfers looking for a fast, fun, easy to paddle, alternative, that really works best when most hybrids are reaching their effective wave size limits. Adding to the fun, the RetroRipper comes standard with era specific, vintage ‘80’s “Mayhem”, …Lost spiral and rail logos.

RETRO GUN



“A working man’s gun…  Loved by the Pros, but really meant for the Bros.  A great tool for taming big unruly beasts, even in challenging, imperfect conditions.”



The RETRO_GUN features low entry rocker with Rolled Vee (and lots of forward volume) and a classic “Beak” nose.  The Vee lessens through the center and increases again into an accelerated tail rocker, with deep double concave cutting through the tail curve.  The continuous Vee bottom enables a high-volume board to surf lower in the water and engage the rail.  It cleanly cuts through big, bumpy, chop or stiff offshore condition and allows for smooth, controlled, rail to rail surfing.  It easily remains in control at high speeds, in powerful surf.



Built standard with…



Strong (yet flexible) 4ply Redwood stringer

Thruster/Quad convertible fin set up.

Solid resin tinted 6oz and 4oz stronger glassing, for a beautiful board that lasts. – All new, model specific, minimalist logo package.

(Post Modern) RETRO GUN is loosely based off my original, personal guns from the late 1980’s. Now recently revamped and modernized with 30 years of knowledge, yet still retaining the original ’80’s design ethos.  Flat deck, steep full rails (with more edge) lower rockers with continuous vee, were the status quo.  Before the introduction of deep concaves cutting through hyper rocker minimalistic slippers of the 1990’s, the surfboards of the ’80’s were more user friendly.

High volume was high performance.

Our first modern “Retro Guns” were built a few years back, at the request of a friend (journalist, Lewis Samuels) up in Ocean Beach San Francisco.  He was looking for an advantage in negotiating OBs big, cold, open ocean landscapes.  Ironically, after seeing LS in action, on early Retros, it was quickly requested, and adopted by our “A” team of young hot shots like Kolohe, Ian Crane and (most notably) Luke Davis, while on road trips up north.  They now hold full quiver of Retro Guns, for attacking the same types of waves, and places like Sunset Beach, Hi.

More importantly, for the surfer used to spending most their time on higher volume, hybrid/fish designs in daily surf (but struggle to find a board that suits them when the waves get solid) the RETRO_GUN is an excellent tool to boost confidence and control in a raucous line up.  It easily replaces a standard gun, or large step up, but can be done with less length and more thickness without sacrificing control.

Over all, the Retro Gun, while loved by Pros, is really meant for the Bros. It’s a working man’s gun. A great tool for taming big unruly beasts, even in challenging, imperfect conditions.

RNF RETRO



The RNF Retro is our latest spin on the always evolving #RoundNoseFish. It features noticeable elements from the purist (mostly San Diego influenced) evolution of wide, split tailed “Fish”, and smashes them together with much of what we have learned in nearly 25 years of shaping and riding the RNF. First off, the tail is wide for that effortless glide and retro vibe. Coming in at over 10” from tip to tip, and 4” deep, it’s the deepest and widest split tail we’ve released. The board prominently features a snowboard-esque, double side cut outline. Strongly influenced by years of snowboarding, and then seeing the boards of underground SD shapers like Mirandon and Caster, we first developed and released our double side cut on the “Pelagic” model, in the late 2000’s. Like with a snowboard, the sidecut “grips” the riding surface and allows for more radical, tighter radius direction changes on wider, otherwise di cult to turn sharply, outlines and at rockers. The sidecut hooks into the wave face and turns surprisingly sharp, without the usual drift or skip or slip, associated with common wide tail sh shapes. Staying with the shy retro vibe, the #RNF_Retro features a very at deck with a de ned, steeply angled rail, but tucked under soft into the bottom. The at deck allows the board to be ridden thinner, which enables more ex. Thin at decks maintain more scoop in the deck rocker, which when surfed with the rail buried perpendicular into the surface, helps low rocker boards turn in tighter arcs, rather than tracking or flattening out. All these elements are built around our time tested and proven RNF rocker bottom curves. The RNF Retro is at up front with the slightest of single concave through the center, and a spiral vee from the fins back. This equates to a fast, yet precise and comfortable, familiar ride, without sacrificing glide. Keels are fast and fun, but split keels perform better. The RNF Retro is designed to be ridden with split keels, or a Twin + two (small trailers) quad setup. There’s no rear n box on this thing. We created a special, subdued, era reminiscent, model specific logo just for this board. The RNF-Retro is built standard with #SonOfCobra designed tints and opaque #Resinworks, for that proper look and feel. The #RNF_Retro is Groovy Smooth Glide Vibe – meets proven Mayhem #Pro_formance. Like a beautiful vintage hotrod, souped up with a modern brand new Engine and transmission, it’s the best of both worlds. Now you can have your cool and rip it too.

PUDDLE JUMPER PRO



The PUDDLE JUMPER-PRO came to life as a challenge from our California sales rep (former World Tour surfer) Nate Yeomans. He and our General Manager, Ben Kelley (a skilled surfer himself) had been addicted to the PJHP the last couple years and wanted to re-visit and develop it into something more.



Simply put, they said: “We want to stretch the PJHP into more of a shortboard, but have it still “skate” easily, like the original and still rip as a quad.” Both Nate and Ben ride the same 5’6”x 20” 29.50-liter (stock dims) PJHP. We decided to start with the 5’6 and elongate to 5’8”, narrow to 19.50”, pull in the nose and tail, then increase the nose rocker closer to that of a performance shortboard. We were careful to retain the exaggerated low tail rocker and deep, single concave to double concave, vee in the tail. That bottom combo is where the horsepower and control both come from.



The results are a forgiving football shaped outline that is very fast, yet free under foot, with the classic Puddle Jumper drive, the quick whip and forgiveness of a pulled in nose and the extra rail length to hold an arc, in longer, more critical carves and snaps.

PUDDLE JUMPER HP



The Puddle Jumper HP is a souped up, slimmed down, re ned Puddle Jumper. It features a pulled in nose with the wide point brought back, and a narrower, pulled in tail block. The new outline enables the PJHP to surf even more like a normal board- a very playful board that’s easy to paddle and ride yet still allows more radical and quick turns than all the other PJ models. It’s easy on the eyes, sleek and re ned under the arm, and its smooth foiled lines deceptively hide its significant volume – with built-in speed to spare. Stand on the tail of this thing and simply go to town, up and down, round and round, like you have a motor in small surf. The tail, with its foiled rails and deep vee, holds in and gives confidence at high speeds. The overall at rocker, generous width, and deep central concave generate small wave squirt like you would expect from a Puddle jumper.



The Puddle Jumper HP can take the domesticated gentleman into a realm thought long gone. Speed, with quickness, fast but loose, precise but playful. If you are one of the thousands of surfers who have enjoyed one of the Puddle Jumper series, the PJHP allows you to take your small wave surfing to the next level.

PUDDLE JUMMPER RP



Over the course of 2015, we made a few of these round tail PJ’s as custom orders mainly for people looking to get a little more range out of a board design they really liked. It’s essentially the same board as before, but with a rounded tail that is narrower in the last 18′, and with just a subtle bit of extra rocker bent into the tip and tail. The stock dims are scaled a bit differently, taking into account that many people will ride the round tail 1″ – 2″ longer than the original squash tail PJ. This board will still ride very small waves with ease, yet can be ridden in much larger and powerful surf than the OG Puddle Jumper. The curvier outline (and slightly extra end rocker) fits better in tight radius beach breaks while holding long arcs with control in large, open face point and reef waves…all without forsaking paddle power and stability.

PUDDLE JUMPER



The Puddle Jumper is a con-caved, planing surfacer speeder. Domestic bliss with a twist. Based off the outline of the Bottom Feeder, but with reversed bottom and rocker curves. This board, unlike the past Domestic models (like The Bottom Feeder and RV) features a concave bottom that transitions to vee in the tail. The wide outline makes for easy wave catching and down the line glide and stability. The concave bottom adds lift and increased rail curve, which allows radical top to bottom surfing. The straight rail line and vee in the tail keep the board moving forward and hold in during hard carving maneuvers. “This is the most excited I have ever been about a small wave surfboard. Personally, it’s the best small wave board I have ever ridden. I have never made a claim like that about any board before”

– Matt Biolos

PUDDLE FISH



The PuddleFish is an extreme little speed machine. A fast and fishy spin on the ever popular Puddle Jumper. Distinctly shaped with an inverted swallow, set inside a wide square tail, and a speed bleeding, afterburner, release channel exiting the tail.



Designed for unadulterated lateral speed in small surf, the PuddleFish sprung forth from an extended flat spell this past summer, and the need for some thing fresh to inspire me to get out there regardless.



Beginning with the Puddle Jumper, and retaining its performance defining rocker and spiral vee under the rear foot, I pushed the wide point slightly forward, widened and squared off the tail block and really pulled in/straightened out the hip area of the outline, between the feet. These changes, combined with reducing the depth of the concave through the center of the board (which straightens and flattens the rail rocker under the front foot) all work together to build a more linear speed down the line, across flats and though slop. The inverted swallow, and angular corners of the square tail, reduces surface area behind the rear foot, adding bite and control without sacrificing the extreme drive generated by the straight tail outline and rail rocker. The entire design is wrapped up with the (optional) speed bleeding, “afterburner”,  release channel, which sits inside the double concave vee panels and is toed in slightly, to run parallel with the rear quad fin placement. The channel then exits  at the apex of the inverted swallow. My goal was to design a board that matches the flat line speed of any alternative “fish” design, without the cumbersome, drifty feeling most of these boards possess, and allow full force, small wave, rail surfing with confidence.

PUDDLE JUMPER HP RND



The PUDDLE JUMPER HP-ROUND adds a new larger wave performance capability to what the Puddle Jumper-HP is known for: built-in speed, fast but loose, precise but playful small to medium wave weapon.



Now Available in Round Tail…for all the frothers …



The PUDDLE JUMPER HP ROUND is a simple, yet effective extension to 2018’s wildly popular PuddleJumperHP. First requested and initiated by …Lost Indonesia, to follow in the foot steps of the Puddle Jumper Rnd, as an easy paddling, easy riding board, but with the ability to handle more powerful, punchy, and even larger surf. The PJHP_Rnd satisfies that.  The addition of the rounded pin tail, greatly extends the effective wave size range of the PJHP, without being detrimental to its effectiveness in small surf. We also lowered the rail volume, foiled the tail a touch, and kinda sleeked up the dimensions a bit, so they are meant to be ridden about 1”-2”  longer than the squash tail, but similar volume. When combined with the original PJHP-Squash, they make for quite the 2 board punch, in all shapes and types of small to medium surf.

CROWD KILLER ROUND



The CROWD KILLER- ROUND: Dependable and ridiculously easy to ride from tiny surf to the largest days in most parts of the World.



The CROWD KILLER- ROUND is a natural evolution and refinement of 2018’s instantly popular Crowd Killer; which naturally developed to a clean and simple round tail.  In contrast to the original Crowd Killer with a double wing swallow tail, the Crowd Killer Round’s round Tail is more forgiving and easier to turn in better waves, and at high speeds.  Less tail area means more control, and smooth turns and relaxed surfing, with more range in a variety of conditions.  The Crowd Killer Round features essentially the same rocker and foil as the Crowd Killer, but we have reduced the concave a bit, lowered the rail volume and added some curve to the outline.  The size scale, and standard dims are adjusted as well, so that the Crowd Killer Round can be ridden a bit longer without added volume.  A very clean and no frills update to an already well received board, especially for those with aversions to multiple wings and swallow tails.  Dependable and ridiculously easy to surf from tiny surf to the largest days in most parts of the USA/World.

CROWD KILLER



The Crowd Killer is a high performance, #hyperfunboard, based off of the Quiver Killer rocker and outline. The idea was to extend it lengthwise and open up this design to a wider audience. It’s a wave catching, easy riding machine that does not skimp on performance.



The Crowd Killer features:



A slightly wider, wave catching nose, with a “no pearl” flip tip, allowing the added length to still fit into the curve of waves.

A wicked little double bump swallow tail, which feels lively and playful in small surf, yet holds long lines in larger waves.

A relaxed and fast central rocker, that glides with ease.

Plenty of tail rocker, with deep double concave, for whipping wraps like a pro.

New “Hidden Volume” two stage deck line, which focuses the foam toward the stringer and a rapid taper towards the rails. This creates a flat, stable deck, without feeling full or bulbous, and allows sensitive yet forgiving rails.

Own the local spot, or piss off locals when you travel with this Crowd Killing machine.

UPDATES for CROWD KILLER 2021 INCLUDE: 



Wider at center, with a noticeably pulled in nose and more overall curve in the outline. Less parallel rails and more hip in the tail. The outline changes make for a board that rides more free on the face and is easier to turn up and down the wave without catching the nose.

Thicker along the stringer, with more thickness carried forward, but a more defined roll in deck, creating lower volumed, less bulky, more refined, yet still forgiving, rails. The rails feel better in the hand and permeate the waters surface with ease.

A slightly relaxed tail rocker, smoothing out the hyper kicked tail that was needed in the first version to free up the parallel outline. New rocker has slightly less nose kick as well. The entire rocker line is smoothed out and blended without extreme flip or kick i nose or tail, to better flow with the new, curvier, outline.

Each size now is wider and with a bit more thickness and volume overall, but with more foil and roll in the deck, making for less rails bulk and a great feel in and out of the water.

The CROWD KILLER Swallow was always meant to be an aggressively surfed “Mid-Length”. The changes and updates make that easier to do, in both good surf and bad, without reducing the ease of paddling and catching waves in a crowded line up.

The stock files were always only available in even sizes. For 2021 Ive added odd sizes to the stock offering.

QUIVER KILLER



The Quiver Killer is an extension of the Short Round model. With myself and so many people enjoying the ShortRound, it quickly became clear that the short, relatively flat, and stubby board was an easy answer for fast fun in smaller surf, but with some limitations. While spending time in Bali this summer I began doing some tweaking to the design. At this the point, it would be unfair to continue calling it by the same name.

PSYCHO KILLER



The Psycho Killer is a psychotic spin o from the ever popular Quiver Killer. Featuring all the design aspects that made the Quiver Killer one of the most popular surfboards in the world for the last few years, it’s easy to catch waves and create speed. It loves tubes, and at faces, and is fully capable of performing full rail carves and nimble maneuvers when asked. This sort of wide ranging function is what makes the “Killer” Series a favorite for surfers from our top team to everyday Janes and Joes.

• Revamped outline, featuring a refined nose curve and double bump Swallow Tail, for more “Pop” in small surf, while retaining hold in solid waves.

• New “Hidden Volume”, two stage deck line. Packs in the foam for paddling, drive and stability, but keeps the rails sensitive and agile for precise rail based surfing.

• Comes standard with deep double concave through the tail rocker, or can be really souped-up with R-4 Channels out the tail.

Beginning with the ShortRound, we added a couple inches of length, moderately added to the overall rocker, and pulled the nose outline in a bit. We then changed the tail to a forgiving, rounded “thumb” tail without narrowing it too much where the front fins are. The overall outline and rocker lines are a minimalistic and simplistic continuous curve. The surface area and volume are still generous enough to create speed and feel lively in anything but the smallest, or true “grovel” surf. The rounded tail, reduced nose area, and the added rocker, prevents too much rail being wetted at once in small surf, and allows control and ease of pocket and power surfing in proper waves. Free and easy in small-ish surf while still precise and forgiving in solid surf. Staying with the ammo theme, we swapped the stubby little speeding bullet for the new logo, an elongated, Spitzer influenced munition. The Quiver Killer… a shot straight through the heart.

QUIVER KILLER E.D.D (EVERY DAY DIMS)

On a recent surf trip to Indonesia, I realized nearly everyone in our crew had a QuiverKiller. The thing was, they were all custom ordered and had significantly more volume than our current stock dims. Being a board for not only young rippers but older guys as well, I decided to take at look at the sizing scale. The stock dims tend to force a lot of guys to go longer than wanted to net enough volume.

I started feeling that the original size scale to be a bit slim in the lower size range. In most sizes there was room to make an upsized set of dims for the QK. Not really “Domesticated” sizing, but simply a a second, more generous, size scale to fit a larger assortment of people. Feedback has also been that a significant amount of surfers were hearing the hype about the QuiverKiller, but upon going into stores they saw the dims were a bit emaciated for their needs. I ended up adding a between 1.5 and 2.50 liters to each board. We believe that The QuiverKiller is a truly special board and we want to make it easily available to a wider range of surfers. I hope that these expanded, Every Day Dims (E.D.D.) allow more surfers to enjoy this well rounded design.

SABO TAJ



The “Sabo_TAJ”  is the result of ongoing design development between Taj Burrow and Matt Biolos.



Meant to perform in the widest range of conditions by minimalistic means, and essentially provide Taj a one board weapon for his last minute, whirlwind travels …where theres no time, space or desire to pack a proper quiver. The Sabo_Taj is equally at home in 2′ shore break as 8′ Indo, and everything in between. We began with the …Lost Rock-Up chassis, and made refinements and tweaks (based off TBs input and feedback over several boards) until it became its own entity altogether.  From the Rock-Up, to Round Up, to the Mini Driver, and more than 10 years of developing shorter, wide nose, low entry “quiver killing” travel boards, we feel like this is the best one yet. The Sabo_TAJ features a modest, overall rocker that is “shifted back”, so that the entry is low, fast and drivey. The tail rocker has the curve and release of a high performance step up for tight radius whip and control. The rail line creates a shallow concave under and between feet to add lift and freedom, but zeros out in the nose and tail, to keep things catch free, forgiving, settled and precise. Theres a slight double concave cutting through the tail rocker which adds lift and speed in smaller waves, as well as drive in larger ones.



The outline, with its noticeably wider than average nose (and a pulled in round tail) is semi elliptical and continuously curving, lending a feeling of catch free ease. Combined with the low entry rocker,this outline enables the board to be ridden quite short. The tail is pulled in “late”, but still features enough surface area in the fin area, under the rear foot, to be surfed fast and radical in every day waves, while the narrow tail tip holds in solid surf and tube riding, when asked.  Powerful Indo reef waves, punchy beach breaks, compact slabs, lined up points or even soft lumpy rollers, the Sabo_TAJ provides effective consistency, with the ability to be pushed to reckless and radical Taj Burrow levels, in nearly all conditions. Taj rides it 1″ shorter, but a touch wider, than his typical #Pro_formance short board, but depending on your preferred use, it can be ridden even a bit shorter (or much longer) for various, and equally effective degrees of diversity and fun.

BEACH BUGGY



Derived from the Whiplash-TB. The Beach Buggy is more of an “every-mans” high performance shortboard. Used by many WT and Qualifying Series competitors, because it works equally well in small junk surf. This is the board that TB used to win the Hurley Pro, at Lower Trestles, in 2013, but has been refined and updated slightly over the last year. The 2015 version features TB’s hyper extended tail rocker (for tight radius arcs off the back foot) but a significantly more relaxed entry and central rocker, which combined with a wider nose allows for more drive and forward momentum, and stability, with a bigger landing platform from reverse and tweaked airs. A wider hip and tail block is added to the outline in the tail for more lift at low speeds, but the tail width at 12” is relatively the same as the WL- TB. This allows for superior precision and control than most al other “grovel” boards. With the centerline and rail volume is carried farther into the rails….and out to nose and tail the Beach Buggy is designed to be ridden 1-2” shorter than the WHIPLASH-TB. In the right size, this is a HP shortboard that can be ridden and enjoyed by most surfers of average to above average ability…not just for skinny kids and pros.

TUBE PIG



Next in line of our continuing collaboration with Taj Burrow, is the aptly name “Tube Pig”. This one came about in 2014, when building a quiver for Taj to ride at home, in WA. We made a handful of boards specifically built to withstand beatings from, and perform on, the battering wind-buffed barrels of his beloved beach breaks and radical reefs. Not concerned so much with contests, ultra-light weights, or whipping airs and “finners”, we built a bit of substance into a few boards in hopes they would last and fit the demanding conditions. One board in particular was just over 5’9” 18.32” 2.25” and 25 liters of volume. Featuring a more pronounced round pin tail, with a narrower than average hip between the feet, and a slightly wider than typical nose, it ooozed of drive. Married to the outline is a pretty typical high performance rocker profile, but with less concave throughout, which runs the rail rocker pretty parallel to the stringer line. This results in no radical curves or breaks in the rail line. One not so noticeable feature, that I feel really ads to the effectiveness of this design in the waves it’s meant to be ridden, is that the nose is just slightly thicker than the tail at both the 12” and 24” marks. This really seems to add both paddle power and drive off the front foot. It also isn’t bad for helping with the snapping noses either. Individually, these features are all pretty subtle. Unlike The Round-Up/Rock-Up, and other exaggerated shortened step-ups, they are not strikingly different looking…But all combined, the whole became greater than the sum of its parts. When shaping the first one I wrote a note along the stringer “Tube Shooter”.



During a recent run of swell in WA, a series of exasperatingly excited mails and texts poured in from TB. Claims like..”I am not sure if it interests you or not, but this is the best board I have ever ridden in the tube. It’s a real Tube Pig. The thickness lets me in early and it knifes into solid tubes better than any shorty would. Paddle power to catch them, but the short little board fits in the curve better than a gun, and still holds in”. Accompanied with the texts was a relentless assault of gloriously lit videos and photos from Taj last couple weeks of surfing. That was enough for me. The Tube Pig… by Taj Burrow. Now… when it’s firing, everyone can go out and make a pig of themselves. Meant to be ridden about the same size, or just a bit longer, as your normal board, but mainly for those powerful pumping days in hollow beach breaks and reefs at home…or on the road.

BABY BUGGY



After 18 or so years of non-stop World Touring, it’s fair that Mr. Burrow would want to enjoy himself a little. This past summer, with the upcoming birth of his first child and knowing he would be passing on a couple events to be home for the big day, Taj requested “Something short ‘n fun, but still a (normal) board. Nothing too fishy. Right about, or just over, my typical volume, but just squished down and playful”. Going to work, we started with his 5’9 18.25” 2.25” 24.50cl (personal dims) BeachBuggy, and re-visioned it at 5’6” 18.63” 2.25”. We filled in the rails and foil until it sat at 25 liters flat, then relaxed the entire rocker, so the new bottom curve nestled perfectly within the curve of the original 5’9”. We hoped he would still be able to draw the same lines in spite of a much shorter rail line. We sent the first one to Tahiti and after his unfortunate exit from the Teahupoo event, I received the best kinda text you could ask for: “That little board is ludicrous. I just surfed a soft little beachy here in Tahiti, and the thing went bananas”. After a couple subtle requested tweaks to rails and tail thickness, we made a couple more, and decided on a fitting name. Like every new father, there’s impending daddy duties and Mr. Burrow needs a new ride….The Baby Buggy! Domestication with a High Performance twist. If it’s good enough for TB…It’s good enough for anybody. Taj rides his 3” shorter and with a bit more volume than his typical stick, but average surfers can be more generous and go with added volume and maybe only 1″-2” shorter than a typical HPSB. For custom orders, it’s also just fine to order this board in your typical dims.