421 FISH



The 421 Fish is a versatile, high-performance quad fish based on our popular 419 Fish. The 421 has evolved to a crown deck, narrower nose and rounded dove tail for more top-to-bottom surfing and tighter arcs. Designed for wave ranges from waist-high to overhead at beach breaks, points, reefs or slabs. Ideal for beginners through expert surfers. The 421 Fish offers a predictable, skateboard-like feel and adds some fun, new performance line options when compared to a classic Fish. The 421 fish can go wherever your eyes and ability can take you. View available 421 Fish stock.



"Much more versatile. Tighter turning radius but still very very fast down the line!!!" - Rusty Team Feedback



ZEPPELIN



Originally, the Zeppelin was designed as an all-around board for a larger surfer. The board features a round tail with a balanced, fuller, outline. The nose and tail are both app 15.0 wide. The wide point is 1 inch and change forward. Center width is quite wide. It helps add a bit of curve to the outline, especially with the wider nose and tail. I recently downsized the overall width and thickness on the stock boards. I felt it need to be trimmed down a little...If you don't see a size you like you can always order a custom.



The rocker is slightly less than average on the front end. Semi aggressive on the exit. This helps with paddling and catching waves. Yet with the tail rocker being on the plus side it has a tighter turning radius than expected.



The bottom starts out relatively flat and the entry area has a little break. It flattens out through the center then works its way through the zone with approximately .25 inches of slightly concave Vee. Deepest at approx. 2 feet up. This gradually flattens out through the fins into a slight vee.



The overall volume is shifted slightly forward. The ride is very smooth, “clean”, and has exceptional range. Enjoy! View available Zeppelin stock.



EGG NOT



Simply put, the Egg Not is a squash tail version of our mid-length board, the eGG. With the increasing popularity of mid-lengths, we decided it was more or less a given that we offer a squash tail mid-length board. The Squash tail adds a little more area, lengthens the rail line, and has a more pivoty feel compared to a roundtail. The Egg Not is a great board to have in your quiver. When the surf is average, you’ll have plenty of wave catching ability and it will carry through sections but the board will still be loose enough to turn with ease. As a plus, when the surf gets a bit bigger, it still works surprisingly well! The Egg Not features a relaxed rocker on the front end of the board which helps with paddle speed, wave catching, and overall glide. The curve is a bit above average which translates to helping tighten the arc of your turns without giving up speed. The thickness of the board is a little on the thin side for a board this size. These leaner rails make the board easier to put in the water and also helps it hold better in bigger surf. Fin setup here is your call. For a higher performance feel we recommend a 4-fin setup. If you’re looking for something a little cruisier or more traditional feel do a 2 plus one setup. View available Egg Not stock.



DWART



The Dwart is a highly versatile and performance-driven surfboard design. The name "Dwart" originates from "Double Winged and Rounded Tail" defining the board's all-around capabilities. Engineered to be the go-to board for 90% of the waves we surf, the Dwart boasts a high-volume design, allowing it to be ridden 4-6” shorter than traditional shortboards. The Dwart offers effortless wave-catching and impressive speed, due to its minimal rocker and fairly thick profile. A fuller rail, transitions into a foiled-out tail offering maximum backfoot leverage. The Dwart features a relatively flat rocker, transitioning into a slight single concave at the middle, evolving into a defined double concave and flat out the tail. Dwart’s distinctive double-winged tail provides a skatey feel while maintaining control in larger waves. With a versatile 5-fin setup, you can easily switch fin configurations based on varying conditions. Suitable for surfers of all levels, this board promises fun. View available Dwart stock.



MISO



The MISO is an all around board. Not a fish, but kinda fishy. The template is quite curvy. Despite the hard wing in the outline, the template maintains its curve.



Bottom: the entry is fairly flat, mid is a shallow con that grows into a moderate double con/vee, +- .16 that peaks around 16 to 18 inches up from the tail. The tail rocker is fairly aggressive. Short arc turns. The overall extra template width adds area which helps to generate lift. The lower apex rails also contribute to lift as well as a quicker setting rail.



Originally designed for smaller days. As it turns out, they perform great in medium size surf. Versatile. View available Miso stock.



WHAT?



What is a What? What if the deepest part of the concave was ahead of center? The What? is a very high performance shortboard. It will perform best in shoulder high to well overhead in better conditions with waves that have more power behind them. The What? has a somewhat narrow nose that travels into a mildly curvy mid-section and then to a slight, elongated bump just after the rear of the front fins in the tail. The overall rocker is fairly aggressive to allow for maximum performance and top to bottom surfing. The bottom is where this board starts testing the waters. It starts off in the tip flat and rapidly deepens into a single concave, this gives the board a lot of speed. At the mid-section, it reduces in depth and then develops into a shallow, slightly hooked, double concave, then a slight vee off the tail to allow for rail to rail transitions. The What? is what you’re reaching for when you want maximum performance out of a board whether you're doing turns, airs, or hunting tubes. View available What? stock.



SD



The origins of The SD are well documented. "In June 2016, we delivered a board to Stabmag.com for Stab in the Dark. I wasn’t sure who the Pro was. 6’0 190lbs. I built a modified Yes Thanks. One of Josh Kerr’s models. Puffed up the Yes Thanks, a little. Moved the thickness flow, balance point, a little forward. Fairly deep single that zeroed out under the rear fin and finished with a slight vee in the tail. Smooth curve that accelerated towards the tail. 6’0   19.25    2.5   31.4 Liters. The mystery surfer turned out to be Dane Reynolds." - Rusty



“I was surprised. It had a lot of speed and drive. It felt like a good board. I got a couple of barrels on it...” - Dane

"Suffice to say the board could move through a tunnel – just watch that first ride.” If you watch the video, in my humble opinion, Dane surfed the board with solid authority…ripped. A few months later, my son, Clint, named it the SD. Tweaked it a little. Added a bit of rocker. For the last 5 years it has been one of our most popular designs." - Rusty

SD is offered in Grom, Standard and Pro dimensions. View available SD stock. Now available in Dark Arts construction.

EXPRESS



Nimble and fast are not the words you would expect to hear when describing a midlength, but it’s something we’ve come to expect. The ExpR.ess is a design by our very own Rick Hamon and is a hybrid midlength that gives you the option to ride it as a single or a twin, depending on the conditions and the approach you want to take. With this board you’re ready to paddle out in all conditions from knee high to well overhead. Mellow rocker, pulled in pin tail, and a single to double to vee all complement the versatility of this board. Surf it as a twin and it will deliver tight arcs and the speed you need to connect sections. As a single fin you can enjoy carving turns and off the bottom grunt. But ultimately, it provides every go out with a level of enjoyment that’s hard to equal with a single board. There are no restrictions to this versatile board. View available Express stock.



419FISH



The 419Fish is Rusty’s update for a classic fish. The flat deck combined with angular rails allows this fish to have incredible performance. The bottom features a light convex entry that transitions into a moderate single concave through the midsection and finishes with a bit of vee off the corners. The low entry rocker stays relaxed through the entire length of the bottom. Rail transitions on the 419Fish are easier due to the flat deck. The angular rails provide more bite and drive off the turns than other classic fish. The board also has an even thickness flow: a beak nose through a bit thinner center section to a somewhat fuller tail. Overall, this board is a great groveler that can still handle some size, from knee high to well overhead. View available 419Fish stock.



TWIN FIN



My first custom board, 1967, was a Mirandon Brothers, Surfboards La Jolla, Twin Fin. A second shorter one 6 months later. Then I shaped my first board in the Fall of 69. Guess what? Yes, it was a 6’3 twin fin with my own twists to the design. To say I have experience with Twin Fins is an understatement.



In 1979 I teamed up with Shaun Tomson to do his boards at Canyon. Shaun was a leading proponent in the Twin Fin genre. Shaun was a tough customer, but I learned a lot about twins, much of which is still incorporated in today’s designs.



While working with Shaun Tomson, I refined the bottom with the addition of a shallow single concave that feeds into the vee. The vee splits into a double in front of the fins and runs off the rail behind the wing. The double vee is different to most in that it has a slight crown. The vee runs off the tail with a slight convex. The position of the wing, the back of the fin in conjunction with the concave exiting through the wing makes for solid firm turns. The foil in the rail line is very similar to a modern performance shortboard. Don't think of the Twin Fin as just a small wave board. I’ve had quite a few team riders over the years ride them in sizeable surf.



A very versatile design. Two fins are ridden these days on all kind of hulls. My design is more traditional with subtle updates adding to the overall performance. View available Twin Fin stock.



MOBY FISH



Over 20 years ago I made the first Moby. I had ridden fishes in the early 70’s. I wanted to revisit the glide and speed of a fish. The first Moby I built, 1999, was 7’10 22.5 3.1. Volume? No idea. No matter.



It did the job in smaller surf and I rode it on some bigger days. I was quite happy with it. It made the cut on the 2 or 3 board quiver I kept in the back of my truck.



In 2005 I made my first 4 fin Moby. I really liked the feel of this ride. I had ridden it in surf up to approximately 5 foot. One day I thought the surf was pretty small, so I took my Moby down to Blacks. Nothing else. I was very fortunate to have a key. When I got to the bottom of the road, the surf looked as I thought it would. Pretty small but clean. I put on my wetsuit, pulled the Moby out of the back of my truck, closed the hatch. I looked out at the lineup and did a double take. A solid 6-foot set. Fu#k! Well, it was the only board I had with me, so off I went.



My first wave, I was trippen, because I thought I would really have to pull back on the reigns. No. The board took off like a bat out of hell. It had no top end. After a few more waves, I was completely sold on this design and the versatility it had.



It’s been very popular, some of my good friends had them. What was interesting, their sons, some of the best LJ reef surfers, tried them and didn’t want to give them back. They ordered duplicates. Not smaller, leaner versions. The same boards. They actually rode them on the bigger days.



Because of it’s size, it is a great board for beginners and is a great alternative to a longboard. As it turns out, it’s good for all ranges of ability and surf. The entry rocker is relaxed which helps with the paddle. The exit rocker is on the average plus side which helps with turning and fits into the waves better. The fuller outline provides lots of surface area: glide and speed. The rails are fuller but somewhat angular with a lower apex providing lift and control. View available Moby Fish stock.



"If were relegated to one board, this would be it. Fun." - Rusty



NOT SO MOBY FISH (NSMF)



The Moby Fish has been an extremely popular board for almost 2 decades and most were made in the 7’6 and up range. A couple years ago, people started asking Rusty for something shorter and a little more pulled in, less entry rocker, and more tail rocker. It’s tough to call it a Moby Fish. Thus, the Not So Moby Fish (NSMF) was born. This board is suitable for all skill levels and will do very well in a wide variety of conditions. The tail is pulled in and has a bit more kick than the Moby Fish to loosen the tail and tighten the radius of the turns. The lower entry rocker helps it paddle better. This board is a great addition to any quiver. View available NSMF stock.

LOWRIDER



The Lowrider is a shorter midrange board. A semi-full nose. A round tail. Moderate center width. A little on the thin side. The entry rocker is very low. Thus, the name. This helps the Lowrider catch waves and creates fast trim. The exit rocker is aggressive with an even flow. This gives it a fairly tight turning radius. A round tail helps keep turns clean and smooth.



The bottom entry starts with a modest vee. The center flattens out a touch. Going into the “zone” the vee becomes more defined and deeper. It slowly becomes lightly hooked. It finishes with a lightly rolled vee off the tail. A Classic Beak adds a touch of volume to the front end, which helps with paddling and supports a forward stance.



Designed for every day, smallish conditions, it handles a little bigger surf as well. A great addition to your quiver! View available Lowrider stock.



SD DARK ARTS



Our popular SD model has been given the Dark Arts treatment. Dark Arts offers the highest performance construction thanks to carbon's lighter weight, increased speed and durability. The SD is designed to be the ideal go-to shortboard for Southern California. The SD performs well in everything from the softer beach breaks of Del Mar and Leucadia to the hollow reef breaks of La Jolla and Sunset Cliffs. Because of the versatility of the SD design it is the ideal one board quiver for a trip to North America's East or West Coast.



We took the predictable performance of the Yes, Thanks and dialed it in for smaller, softer surf by adding volume, a little width, and an increase in thickness. The rails of the SD are foiled with a low apex. A crowned deck helps maximize the volume in this fun shortboard. The bottom of the SD has a deep single concave that allows the board to generate speed through the flats. Available in Standard and Pro dimensions. This board is made to order.

EGG



The eGG is something that comes deep from Rusty's roots. He’s been shaping eggs since his early shaping days at G+S in 1972. As he developed his own style shaping, his eggs followed and developed their own direction. The eGG incorporates some of those elements. This board is built for days when you want to catch more waves and have more fun. It will work in anything from knee high to slightly overhead. The eGG has a fair amount of rocker in the tail but not much up front. The rocker in the tail allows this board to be ridden with more performance and the mellow entry rocker helps it get into waves earlier. It’s a little thinner than would be expected to help with the flex. The bottom starts with a light single concave up front that blends into a very light vee through the mid, and a double con vee that peaks in the sweet spot, 24 inches up from the tail. Beginner or advanced, everyone should have a Fun board in their quiver, even if it’s your first custom board.



UTILITY



Designed for all-around performance, plus overall rocker. Has a more modern longboard vibe and is more of a turner than a glider.



MINI TANKER



As the name implies, the Mini Tanker is a shorter version of the longboard. It’s an easy to manage, shorter longboard for lighter surfers. Also a good go-to, user friendly design for inexperienced surfers.

THE KEG



The Keg is a stout brew designed by Rusty Preisendorfer and Wade Carmichael. The Keg is the Pro model for Wade Carmichael and his go-to board competing in the WSL. Built for conditions all over the world, from point breaks, beachies, punchy slabs and everything in between. We can’t promise you that you’re going to be able to throw as much spray as Wade does but at least with this board under your feet you’ll know it’s your fault and not the board. View available The Keg stock.

HATCHET



The Hatchet is a groveler with high performance characteristics. The Hatchet has a semi-fishy outline and the nose and tail are a bit narrower than a traditional fish. The Hatchet has a fuller template with a five fin set up. The board has great planing over flat sections on the wave. 



The Hatchet has a low rocker throughout the bottom, with a single concave at the front foot moving towards a double concave in the fin area and a slight vee at the end of the tail. It is easy to surf, easy to catch waves and easy on the maneuvers. A great everyday board! The Hatchet is available in a Crown or Flat Deck. Flat decks bring volume out to the rail vs. Crown decks offer a foil to the rail.

BLACKBIRD



The SR-71 is the fastest manned jet ever built. Blackbird is its nickname. Based on that concept we designed this board to cover ground quickly! Developed for the bigger days chasing down peaks in open waters and battling currents, it is the perfect wave-hawking weapon. It features added volume, an area-forward outline, lower entry rocker and a light vee in the nose, allowing it to paddle into anything, even in the toughest of surf conditions. With a slight single- to double-concave bottom running through the fins and rounded pintail, the Blackbird delivers smooth transitions and fast, clean lines. A heavy hitter for any arsenal! View available Blackbird inventory.

NEW TRAVELER



The New Traveler is a step-up with a design that sits between the original Traveler and the Blackbird. The crew was headed to Indo and other places with warm water and hollow waves and were in need of knifey step-up, giving us the New Traveler. It performs great in head high to double overhead in pumping beach break and steep, hollow reefs. The New Traveler has a bit more narrow of a nose with more rocker overall and leaner rails with the wide point just behind center. It features a light single to double concave and a slight rounded vee out the tail in the last few inches to help keep the turns smoother and helps with rail-to-rail transitions. The New Traveler is clean and simple, the way it should be. View available New Traveler stock.



SMOOTHIE



The Piranha was one of our most popular designs. It was primarily built for small surf, but it ended up being a very versatile board. We have re-tooled this design with a clean, full, round pin, and are calling it the Smoothie. It has a timeless outline designed to accommodate a wide range of conditions. The bottom starts with a slight roll in the nose transitioning to a light single through the center. This shallow single blends into a sunken double concave in front of the fins and an elevated double concave between the fins that finally ends in a double barrel vee of the tail. If you can’t appreciate the tech talk, just know that the board surfs fast & smooth.

GUN - IN STOCK



The Gun is for deep water, fast moving, XXL surf. You know, Waimea, Mavs and Todos.

SLAYER



The Slayer is designed as a step-up with four inches taken off at the front end. The wide point is now two inches forward of center instead of two inches back, giving you a little longer rail line yet more control for those tight pockets. And a touch of width to the center, re-blend the front end, giving the board a little fuller nose and relaxed rocker. This combination allows it to paddle well, make drops and fit you into the barrel.

D MIN



A few years back Rusty designed a board called the Neil and it has gotten more interest in the last year or so. He went back and updated the design, adding more volume and improving the performance in smaller waves, giving you the Diamond Mini or D Min. The D Min catches waves easily and does best in a wide range of conditions from knee high, mush to head high. With the added volume, you want to ride it shorter, similar to a fish. What gives the D Min its name is its diamond tail. The diamond tail is a blend of a round pin and squash and really helps this board with tighter turns than most full, wide everyday surfboards. The low entry rocker and added foam in the chest area with the aggressive tail rocker and vee off the tail make this board paddle with ease and still have lots of maneuverability to transition from rail to rail. If you’re looking for a versatile, everyday surfboard and an excellent solution to everyday surf conditions, the D Min is the perfect board for you. View available D Min stock.



HECKLER



The Heckler is a Fish with some new ideas. We've utilized a "fishy" outline with a shallow dovetail and pronounced wing to produce a lightening fast small wave wonder. The proven Venturi bottom design that has been so well received on two of our other models. The Rooster and The Hustler, adds a new dimension for fishing and Fish lovers.



HUSTLER



The Hustler is considered by many to be that magical board. Its 7 parts short board, 3 parts fish, and 100 % Hustler. A fuller outline with a lower rocker throughout = Pure Speed. Venturi bottom provides lift, maneuverability, and control. The low rocker all the way through maximizes surface area and makes for quick paddling and a fast ride. Throw it all together with a master’s touch and the result is a turbo-charged, high performance board that feels like its working hard for you, and is always ready to rock. Hence, the Hustler.



THE BLADE



The Blade is a direct descendant of the famous 1984. In 2014 Rusty Preisendorfer hooked up with Mark “Occy” Occhilupo and did a 100 board reissue of his famous signature “84” model. A year ago Rusty started getting asked to lean out the nose and lose the beak. In addition, he modernized the bottom slightly. The surfers who tried them freaked. Since then Rusty has made them with 4 deep channels. He also decided to give a very modern bottom with a deep single to double concave a shot. Bottom line is that virtually anyone that has tried any of the different bottoms has been psyched and have also ordered them longer as well.



The Blade works in a wide range of conditions. For now we are offering the Blade in a mellow, subtle single to double concave, that bottom with 4 deep channels, and a modern deep single concave.

YES THANKS



The Yes Thanks is a wider, fuller performance shortboard designed for knee-high to solid-overhead surf. The Yes Thanks comes from Bender lineage, which is our popular performance board for good, hollow waves. The bottom features plus overall rocker and a fairly deep single concave splitting into a double through the fins and off the tail. We've had great feedback on the rocker and bottom. Another key feature is the slightly narrower rounded squash. This helps to increase the size range the board will perform in and it will have smoother rail to rail transitions. All added up, this delivers a versatile performance shortboard. 



The Slayer has been a favorite for 10+ years. From time to time we’ve been asked if we could make it a little looser off the top and bottom. Thus, the Slayer 2. The Slayer 2 has the wide point pulled back towards the midpoint. This tends to pull in the nose and give more curve to the tail section. It has slightly more rocker on both ends and has a light double barrel vee (Slayer 1 has a single concave).



We recommend that the Slayer be ridden 2 to 3 inches shorter than your daily performance shortboard but the Slayer 2 should be ridden at approximately 2 inches longer. The foil is more balanced as opposed to the Slayer which, has a fair bit of volume in the front third of the board. For those of you who remember the Traveler, the Slayer 2 is in between that design and the Slayer. The Slayer 2 is a modern step-up.



MODEL 8

For the Model 8 we added more rocker coming from the Sista Brotha which translates into quicker and shorter arc turns. This board surfs a great variety of conditions from punchy beach breaks to long points. The deck is flatter, creating more natural flex and paddling power, yet making the board more sensitive with a lower center of gravity. A bit fuller nose helps transition through flatter spots and dead sections but not compromising the lip attack. If you're in the market for a board that is fast and loose, the Model 8 is the board for you.



YETI



The Yeti is designed for the larger, sure-footed, surfer who has an aversion to crowds and a penchant for adventure and quality surf. Often thought of as being a little rough around the edges, The Yeti is actually a very smooth character. If you get a glimpse of him, you’ll see a clean outline that comes from a distinguished lineage that includes the Desert Island and the Big Cat. It has a light single to double concave bottom with a full rail. Searching for that elusive board that always seems out of focus and blurry? The Yeti is the answer. 



NEIL



This stout performance Shortboard is designed for those average days of surf from knee high to head high. It has a moderately full template with a wider nose and added volume for the ease of paddling. The Neil’s bottom contour has a deep single concave with a subtle vee of the tail that generates drive and speed quickly. The shallow angular Diamond tail gives the Neil its distinct look. The Diamond tail shortens the rail length which makes your board feel a little smaller, easier to turn and a whole lot more alive in sloppy average conditions.



ENOUGH SAID



The Enough Said was first developed with Josh Kerr over ten years ago. It was, and still is, a very popular design. It is a thumb tail performance shortboard that goes well in chest high to overhead surf. It features a fairly relaxed proven nose rocker and a heavy single concave in the back half of the board. The tail rocker is slightly lower to accommodate the heavy concave. There is slightly less volume under the chest to minimize the swing weight. This board is designed to have a fairly tight, smooth, turning radius and react quickly in the pocket when you need it most due to the extra bit of tail curve and the elliptical tail. Although it is over ten years old, it’s still a very valid HPSB (high performance short board) design.



EL DORADO



The El Dorado is our all-around performance longboard that has evolved from years of rider feedback. The board allows you to set it on rail and turn, trim and ride the nose or just catch anything. The bottom has a slight concave in the nose, flat through the midsection, ultimately blending into a flat panel vee. Blending its classic longboard rocker with modern rails gives you the ability to explore new lines with confidence and style. If you are looking for control with versatility, this is the board.



KERROSOVER



Part of the Kerrlection series, this is Josh’s go to competition board. Built for conditions the World over, from point breaks to beach breaks and everything in between. The Kerrosover has a single concave bottom, a performance rail, and Kerr’s performance rocker. We have added volume under the chest for extra paddle power, as well as a little width overall so Josh can execute his arsenal of maneuvers. Derived from the Jokerr DNA the Kerrosover is built to go!

1984

Occy's board from his bust-out year. The Raging Bull was unstoppable on it. The '84 is also considered a very user-friendly, versatile design. Flat bottom under the front foot with a shallow vee and scooped panels through the fins and lifting off the corners of the tail. Relaxed rocker, flat deck, beak nose, and boxy rails. 

DESERT ISLAND



The Desert Island is the one board that does it all for larger, experienced surfers. The Desert Island provides plenty of paddle power and can handle almost every type of condition. The Desert Island is pure fun and perfect for catching a ton of waves. Shorter Desert Island’s come with triple concave, the longer ones (9’ plus) have a flat vee panel. A larger Desert Island has a relaxed gun rocker with full, low rails. The Desert Island is paradise, get yourself one and enjoy!

SISTA BROTHA



The Sista Brotha" features a single to double concave, moderate entry rocker with a relaxed tail rocker. A slightly fuller outline up front. This design will work well in most conditions. "User friendly!



DOZER



This is the high-performance shortboard that eats mediocre waves for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. It packs about as much volume as possible into the shortboard outline, with a couple unique tweaks that keep it lively. It's the chine in the rail near the forward fins and the accentuated "V" through the tail that really keep this board ahead of the pack. Ride it three to five inches smaller than your regular shortboard, and in anything knee to head high.

SHIV



The Shiv is our popular SD model but retooled just a bit. Following the flat deck category of board models, the Shiv has angular rails and the most rocker of any of the flat deck designs. The flat deck increases the flex of the board significantly with better sprint out of turns and snaps.



The flat deck boards are all roughly .2 inches thinner. This keeps the volume similar to boards with a crown that are the same length and width. The angular rails, along with a fairly deep concave, provides great “bite” on the turns, allowing for good acceleration and speed. The Shiv is a great all around board, high performance with a groveler feeling. It likes beach and point breaks, chest high to well overhead.



WHAT? - ON SALE



These boards have cosmetic blemishes with slight weave showing in a couple small areas on each board. These boards feature Epoly construction (increased performance, durability, more flex, higher resale value and reduced enviro impact).



What is a What? What if the deepest part of the concave was ahead of center? The What? is a very high performance shortboard. It will perform best in shoulder high to well overhead in better conditions with waves that have more power behind them. The What? has a somewhat narrow nose that travels into a mildly curvy mid-section and then to a slight, elongated bump just after the rear of the front fins in the tail. The overall rocker is fairly aggressive to allow for maximum performance and top to bottom surfing. The bottom is where this board starts testing the waters. It starts off in the tip flat and rapidly deepens into a single concave, this gives the board a lot of speed. At the mid-section, it reduces in depth and then develops into a shallow, slightly hooked, double concave, then a slight vee off the tail to allow for rail to rail transitions. The What? is what you’re reaching for when you want maximum performance out of a board whether you're doing turns, airs, or hunting tubes. View new available What? stock.