Gobbler



This board has a fuller nose outline and a wide tail block. It also comes with an old school beak nose and a deep double concave running throughout the board and a little vee off the tail. Should be ordered 3” to 4” shorter and 1/2 wider depending on the paddle power you are looking for.

Jump Off



This fish is your ultimate, easy to ride, performance wave catcher. It has a full outline but not as wide as the Gobbler. Also has a flat through the nose fading to a deep double concave in the center and into the fins with a slight vee off the tail. Should be order 3” to 4” shorter, 1/2” to 3/4” wider and 1/4” to 3/8” thicker depending on how much paddle power you are looking for.

DragonFly





The DragonFLY is a high volume, low rocker shortboard with a deep single to double concave. Designed to be user friendly & get your wave count up, this board carries a lot of speed and performance. Order the DragonFLY 3”- 4” shorter and 1/2”- 3/4” wider than your standard shortboard.



SINR



A modern spin off of the Saint, the SINR is the newest addition to our twin fin line up. It's great for any surfer looking to ride a fun & lively twin fin in waist to head high surf. The SINR has a deep single to double concave that lets the board carry a lot of its own speed in smaller surf. A deep single channel exiting out the tail also adds a lot more drive and makes it less likely to slide out than a traditional twin fin.  Should be ordered 3” to 4” shorter and 1/2” to 3/4” wider than your standard shortboard. The SINR is also available with Venturi channel. This creates more lift and speed if that is what you need.

Soul Fish



High performance with a traditional look, the Soul Fish is a modern take on a 70’s style fish. A progressive spiral V from the front foot to the tail makes the board fast and easy to roll rail to rail. With a twin option for quick and loose turns or a quad option for control and performance, the board works well in knee high to head high waves with ease. The Soul Fish can be used as a daily driver or as a groveler to complement your shortboard.

Twinnister



This is a modern high performance twin fin that any shortboard loyalist should try (once you ride it you will be converted to the twin fin side of the force). It feels like a shortboard but has all the extra things we love about twins; easily generates speed, tight turn radius, while still holding on rail in solid waves at max speed. 



Most people think twin fins are for smaller waves but this twin fin goes in knee high to double overhead. It goes above the lip, in the lip, on rail, and in the tube. It allows you to surf at your highest level while keeping it fun and creative in most types of waves and conditions. Warning: your cheeks may hurt from excessive smiling.  

Saint



A piece of surfing history the Saint is one of T&C’s most iconic shapes. Ridden by the likes of Martin Potter during the heyday of the twin fin era, it’s must have for any surfer wanting to experience the feel of an 80’s style twin fin. The Saint has a low entry rocker & flat to V bottom with slight adjustments to rail and thickness to meet modern performance standards. Typically ridden with glass-on twin fins a lot of our customers throw in a third box for the option of a trailer. Works in waist to overhead surf but performs best in waves with a little more power.

HRT



The HRT is another surfboard which has some of the characteristics developed for the Dragon Fly model. The main design aspect is the deep single concave which runs through the board with added vee coming off the swallow tail. This gives the board extra speed allowing it to turn on a dime while still maintaining control. This board is midway between a high performance shortboard and a groveller.



Missing Link



The Missing Link fills the gap between a shortboard and a step up. With a lower entry rocker, beak nose and wide point forward template, you can get into waves easy and early. The board is fast and maneuverable allowing it to work in a wide range of waves, from waist high to well overhead and bigger depending on the size ordered. The fins are placed further back than a traditional fish; the round pin and long rail line create plenty of hold when the waves get steep and hollow. Originally designed as a twin or twin with trailer, this board can also be ordered as a five fin option and the tail can be ordered as a round pin or baby swallow.



Smokebomb



Lower rocker fuller outline shortboard. User friendly, easy to paddle forgiving shortboard. Deep concave making it feel really excited under your feet! Should order a little shorter and wider than your normal shortboard. More shortboard than groveler but a great in between hybrid. 



Price listed is for deposit. It is not the full cost of the board. This board is not in stock. We will contact you directly after you place order to verify all details and give you a total price.



Mini Beast

One of the most versatile Makani Designs, This board can be ridden by surfers of all skill levels, shapes and sizes. Volume down the center line with a tuned, tapered rail, makes for easy paddle and acceleration but keeps you connected to the wave. Works well in hollow waves as well as mushy conditions. This will be your go to board for all seasons. Easy paddle, easy ride, enjoy surfing again



FLUX



The Flux, previously known as the CMG-1 model, is a super versatile high-performance all around shortboard. Many of our team riders have surfed it from small, soft waves to firing 5'-6' (Hawaiian scale) waves. The rocker is pretty relaxed and the outline is clean and straightforward. The bottom contour is a single to a double with a slight vee going off the tail. It is highly recommended to get this board with the thumb tail.

TM-2



The TM-2 is the version 2 high performance short board based off the TM-1. This has everything the TM-1 has but is more refined for added performance for intermediate to Pro level. It has a little more nose rocker and a little less tail rocker compared to some of the other high performance short board models. Moderate single to double with a late rocker flip off of the tail with some added vee. Suited more for a back foot surfer than a front foot surfer because of the late rocker flip.



Dragon Slayer



The perfect balance of drive, release and flow. The Dragon Slayer balances all the elements of a high performance shortboard. Quick response off the tail and rails, allows for just the right amount of release out of top turns and cutbacks when you want it. The flow comes into play when linking turns utilizing the drivey responsiveness. This lets the board link turns with less effort and less concentration letting you surf more free and unhitched. Semi low rocker with breaks in the right spots combined with the bottom contour of single to light double concave. The secret ingredient is the position of the light double concave starts and ends in relation to the fins and rail rocker.

Ready to Slay?! Order with your normal shortboard dims or grab a stock and discover the Dragon Slayer.

Dreamweaver



This surfboard is based off of our Crankshaft model but has a more pulled in outline making the board turn quicker. It also has deeper concaves between the fins making the rail line have a little more curve, allowing the board to turn tighter in the pocket. Really fun all around short board that you can order at your regular size.



MDL



This mid-length by Glenn Pang features a beak nose, low entry rocker and deep single to double concave for easy paddling and speed. The MDL is a performance mid-length that can do it all. This board can handle a wide range of waves from 1 ft to well overhead. The concaves and winged round pin help the board roll rail to rail for tighter turns and with the 2+1 set up, you can adjust your single fin for more or less hold. This board is perfect for the shortboarder who wants to catch more waves without losing performance, or the longboard who needs something for steeper waves. A great addition to any quiver.

Missing Link Mid-Length



The original Missing Link filled the gap between a shortboard and a step up. What we found out is that it also works really well as a mid-length 6'8" at longer. With a lower entry rocker, beak nose and wide point forward template, you can get into waves easy and early. The board is fast and maneuverable allowing it to work in a wide range of waves, from waist high to well overhead and bigger depending on the size ordered. The fins are placed further back than a traditional fish and a round pin and long rail line create plenty of hold when the waves get steep and hollow. Originally designed as a twin or twin with trailer, this board can also be ordered as a five fin option and the tail can be ordered as a round pin or baby swallow.

Bullit



The Bullit is our version of a fun board! We make it with width and thickness that allows the board to float like a long board but still turn like a short board. It has a slight double barrel concave with vee through the tail.



Retro Single Fin



A throwback to the Lightning Bolt era, this single fin will have you styling and turning heads in everything from waist to double overhead surf. The Retro Single has a classic 70’s outline, a beak nose and a flat to V bottom contour. Looks just as great on the wall as it does under your feet!

CSU



The CSU is a user-friendly step up to compliment our CMG. Featuring a thumbtail and some of the concave from the CMG, the CSU feels connected in bigger more powerful surf and still allows for open face carves and snaps when you want to loosen things up. The CSU is great for novice surfers as a first step up, all the way up to experts wanting a more shortboard feel from their step up. The CSU should be ordered 2-6 inches longer than your shortboard. Sizes range from 6'0-6'6



CSU-F



The CSU-F is designed for riding big, heavy, barreling waves where you want to paddle fast, get barreled while still being able to turn in steep and open pockets. Based off the original CSU design Glenn Pang worked with Billy Kemper to add the perfect amount of foam in all the right places to allow for charging heavy waves on smaller than expected boards. Tested in places like Pipeline, Backdoor, Sunset and Teahupo'o, Billy was able to refine what works for max confidence when the waves get serious. Grab one of these if you feel like charging.

S-4V



The S-4v is an intermediate to expert level step up. With a more pulled in nose, round pin tail and fins placed specifically to handle size and power. The S-4v is your go to board when the waves are heavy, hollow and critical. Should be ordered 3-7 inches longer than your shortboard. Sizes range from 6'1-6'7



Goes good anywhere it’s powerful and hollow. It's one of Billy Kemper's go to boards out at Pipeline and a fan favorite among many of our team riders.



S-4VF



The S-4VF is an intermediate to expert level step up that is the same as the S-4V but with extra foam in the deck. Approximately a 1/4" is added in the strategic places in the deck but still tapers down to the rails. With a more pulled in nose, round pin tail and fins placed specifically to handle size and power. The S-4VF is your go to board when the waves are heavy, hollow and critical and you want extra paddle power to get into those slabs without going to long. Should be ordered 3-7 inches longer than your shortboard. Sizes range from 6'1-6'7



Goes good anywhere it’s powerful and hollow. It's one of Billy Kemper's favorite boards for waves that are big and powerful. 



Mini Tanker



The mild rocker with a flat bottom nose make this board paddle well. It’s smaller size makes it more maneuverable than a 9-footer, perfect for surfers who feel a 9’0” is just too much board. Ladies like this board because it’s easy to carry and turns well. The mini tanker can also be ordered at 8’0”–8’6”. Standard fin setup is either 2+1 or thruster.

MLB



The MLB is a low rocker, mid length Longboard. From ankle high to overhead this board handles it all. It’s V bottom helps the board go rail to rail with ease, is available from 7’0 – 8’6 & works great as a thruster, single fin or 2+1. The MLB is similar to Makani’s K-Bomb just with the wide point further towards the tail and a more pulled in nose. The perfect addition for a well rounded quiver.

K-Bomb



This board has a slightly flatter deck for stability coupled with a sensitive bottom contour allowing for a user friendly high performance feel. Designed with feedback and guidance from some of Hawaii's top professional long boarders. Can be ridden by all skill levels for next level performance!



Beach Boy



The Beach Boy by Tommy Tanaka is a single fin nose rider for those classic summer days. If you like hanging toes over the nose then this one is for you. Rocker in the tail allows for smooth turns when you need to get back to the power source. Paddle this board out when you want to get steezy and soul arch your way through bottom turns. Most of our team riders have this one in their quiver.

Gobbler



This board has a fuller nose outline and a wide tail block. It also comes with an old school beak nose and a deep double concave running throughout the board and a little vee off the tail. Should be ordered 3” to 4” shorter and 1/2 wider depending on the paddle power you are looking for.



DragonFly



The DragonFLY is a high volume, low rocker shortboard with a deep single to double concave. Designed to be user friendly & get your wave count up, this board carries a lot of speed and performance. Order the DragonFLY 3”- 4” shorter and 1/2”- 3/4” wider than your standard shortboard.

Jump Off



This fish is your ultimate, easy to ride, performance wave catcher. It has a full outline but not as wide as the Gobbler. Also has a flat through the nose fading to a deep double concave in the center and into the fins with a slight vee off the tail. Should be order 3” to 4” shorter, 1/2” to 3/4” wider and 1/4” to 3/8” thicker depending on how much paddle power you are looking for.



Glide



The Glide is a fun, easy to ride, small long board shape. It has a full outline with a narrow round pintail allowing the board to carry it’s own speed but still turn on a dime. It has a concave nose fading to a rolled vee in the center, to vee off the tail.



Town Model

Town Model is a great all around longboard for someone who wants to nose ride and have good maneuverability. The full nose with concave and soft rails makes it easy nose ride. The pulled in square tail coupled with the 2+1 fin configuration is what allows this board to turn with ease. So if you like performance but definitely want to do some nose riding the Town Model is the popular choice for many. 



Tri Con



The Tri Con is Tanaka's most performance based longboard. It has the most rocker, pulled in tail and nose and harder rails for added maneuverability. Generally this board is ridden when the waves are good with some power and even barreling. Advanced riders can still nose ride this board but it's not for beginners to learn on. This will handle serious waves for surfers looking to perform on a longboard.